Ceasefire violation in Mendher sector area Krishna Ghati. Pakistan Army fired RPG grenade and small arm fire. Two jawans injured in the attack. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCrS2cwe4ZM
BCCI has revealed that Chennai and Rajasthan franchise will make a comeback in the season 11 of the IPL. The teams were banned for 2 years by the Indian cricket body for failing to give financial clearances due. They will be replacing the Pune and Rajkot franchise. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScjGoYK04go
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, Delhi. Turkish President and Prime Minister Narendra Modi to have talks on bilateral talks. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOSGMlv1azE
In response to Okhla MLA Amanatullah Khan's open attack on senior AAP functionary Kumar Vishwas, AAP MLAs are seen rallying hard against him on social media. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5srithuBuI
Three people, including a Delhi Police Assistant Sub-Inspector, were killed and a constable injured in Delhi’s Mianwali area. According to reports, one of the deceased, Bhupendra, had several criminal cases registered against him. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nyoMYJGMVs
A huge racket of poaching, illegal wildlife hunting and arms smuggling has been uncovered in joint raids carried out by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), wildlife department and local police, in Uttar Pradesh's Meerut. Four people have been detained for questioning. Raids were carried out at home of retired army personnel - a colonel, who owns a college in Bareilly. Also in question is the army officer's son, Prashant Bishnoi, who is a national level shooter. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pt0WjVfiscU
Supreme Court (SC) orders Medical Examination of Justice Karnan. The apex court orders Medical Examination of justice Karnan, Medical Board to be constituted to examine his mental condition. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WrFq5QWjfI
In the wake of growing chorus of demands from political parties questioning the authenticity of EVMs, the election commission will soon call a meeting of all political parties to assure them that the electronic voting machines are tamper-proof and secure. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq4g8PS86Eg
Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDzeh6QdWZU
President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday urged leaders and ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) to ensure that their citizens will be more aware and interested about the benefits of being part of the regional bloc. Subscribe to the ABS-CBN News channel! - Visit our website at Facebook: Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy9cIH7MKEo
Pakistan agents strike again. Posters of Burhan Wani raised in Pulwama college in Jammu and Kashmir. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYZR13e0Dj0
I liked a @YouTube video Mission Impossible of One Direction http://youtu.be/JfXMPKz9jlo?a
I liked a @YouTube video Arijit Singh - Tum Hi Ho | Cover by Margin Wieheerm http://youtu.be/qLi5D4uJbQg?a
Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari claimed that his Delhi house was attacked by 8-9 people. Tiwari was not present in the house at the time of the incident. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwxSw4JPT10
A recently closed Hong Kong museum dedicated to the bloody Tiananmen Square crackdown will once again open its doors as the city prepares to celebrate ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWGy1RiqPzY
A new picture of Princess Charlotte enjoying the outdoors, taken by her mother, has been released ahead of her second birthday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said they are delighted to share the photograph to mark their only daughter's special day May 2. Princess Charlotte has made rare public appearances since her birth in May 2015. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnNa_SINiIs
One Border Security Force (BSF) personnel and a Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) of the Indian Army were martyred during ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the Krishna Ghati sector of Poonch district, Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) on Monday. The two soldiers were earlier injured in the ceasefire violation but couldn't able to survive. According to reports, Pakistani rangers used rockets at a forward defence location (FDL) along the BSF post and the Line of Control (LoC). The ceasefire violation started around 8:30AM on Monday. Earlier in the day, a high level meet was also held at Home Minister Rajnath Singh's official residence over J&K security situation. Those present in the meeting included the Home Secretary, DG CRPF, Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief and National Security Advisor (NSA). For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJ24HNqrH1U
A group of terrorists have targeted a bank vehicle in Kashmir's Kulgam today, killing two bank officials and four policemen travelling in it. Sources said the terrorists had intercepted the vehicle and ordered the occupants to come out. The six persons were then shot down. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hF2a0w-epnE
Subscribe to France 24 now: FRANCE 24 live news stream: all the latest news 24/7 MediaWatch takes a look at the battle against voter apathy in France, ahead of the second - and decisive - round of the presidential election. Far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Mélenchon is still refusing to urge his supporters to back Emmanuel Macron. This as abstention could dramatically affect the result. Visit our website: Subscribe to our YouTube channel: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQ2295Ww6aM
On Cricbuzz Unplugged, Trent Boult gets chatty about the challenges an overseas bowler faces in India. Plus, he shares his thoughts about keeping Dale Steyn out of the playing XI when they were at Sunrisers Hyderabad. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA1h8_E4yAw
An open drain in Goyla Khurd Village in Delhi became a death trap for five ragpickers, including three children, who were hunting for scrap. The minors -- Sahidul, 10, Safikul, 9, and Lalsun, 12 -- had apparently entered the drain after they saw some glass bottles, but got caught in the sludge. When Hasidul, 26, and Afsae Ali, 30, tried to rescue the kids, they, too, were trapped. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su4aXfkGmUQ
Bodies of two Indian soldiers were mutilated by the Pakistan Army which violated ceasefire along the Line of Control in Poonch sector and attacked a patrol team near the border. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hxH8GEyQXY
One Army and one BSF soldier were martyred when Pakistani troops fired rockets at a forward defence location (FDL) post of the BSF along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V75M5MXdm_U
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh accused the Telangana police of radicalising Muslim youths and encouraging them to join the Islamic State by setting up a bogus website of the terror group. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE2StWjX_hI
Chinese authorities say there are some 52 million tourists visiting scenic areas in the country during the three-day Labour Day celebration from April 29 until May 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqmCY-4N2OA
Ashok Kashyap, 72,  is one of Delhi’s most famous handwriting and fingerprint experts. He runs perhaps the country's oldest—it was set up by his father in 1935--  forgery detection bureau at Kashmere Gate in Delhi. Kashyap claims to have handled 7,000 forgery cases, many of them involving the forged signatures of several high-profile people, including top politicians. He feels that handwriting experts will have to  reinvent themselves to stay relevant in this digital age Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJatP0vppfw
Charger / Emergency Tool (USA Link) - Charger / Emergency Tool (International) - LectroFan Micro (USA Link) - LectroFan Micro (International) - iPhone / Android USB (USA Link) - iPhone / Android USB (International) - FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Google Plus - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlehRltPZDY
Yogi Adityanath, the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, has allowed thousands of schoolbags emblazoned with images of his predecessor Akhilesh Yadav to be distributed in schools. The extraordinary decision is driven by financial prudence, say officials. Yogi Adityanath didn't want the waste of public money just for political ego, say officials. Also, the 44-year-old Chief Minister wanted the bags to reach students in time for the new session. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLa_ndTmrdo
Ready for portable gaming on the PS4? GAEMS Vanguard on Amazon: Anker PowerHouse on Amazon: Subscribe! Instagram: Twitter: Facebook: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SmVHslppDQ
Pakistan agents strike again. Posters of Burhan Wani raised in Pulwama college in Jammu and Kashmir. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yMoFXK4f10
India and Turkey have decided to work together to strengthen cooperation, both bilaterally and multilaterally, to effectively counter terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Monday after a meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEuDTHVdlD0
Licences of two private bus drivers were suspended in Tamil Nadu's Coimbatore on Saturday after a video showing two buses literally racing on the Coimbatore-Pollachi highway went viral. The video, captured by motorists chasing the two buses, left many hearts pounding, leave alone the passengers inside. (Warning: Viewer discretion advised) NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lo-yPo4E_k
Every year, thousands of teen-agers from one city in Nigeria risk death and endure forced labor and sex work on the long route to Europe. Ben Taub traveled to Libya and Nigeria to uncover the secret world of human smuggling. Ben Taub’s article for The New Yorker was facilitated by a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting. Still haven’t subscribed to The New Yorker on YouTube ►► CONNECT WITH THE NEW YORKER Web: Twitter: Facebook: Google+: Instagram: Pinterest: Tumblr: The Scene: Want even more? Subscribe to The Scene: My Journey Into the Secret World of Sex Trafficking | The New Yorker https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCEoMoYB5k0
Not long after the celebrations ended in the Dalit quarters of Maada village in Madhya Pradesh, a shocking discovery was made by the locals. The well that supplied water to nearly 500 Dalits, was yielding kerosene. The alarmed Dalits called in the authorities and the well was pumped out. It appeared that kerosene had been deliberately poured in to foul up the well. The Dalits called it revenge by the upper caste families whom Chander Meghwal had flouted. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A4YtHQVdQs
RAAZTV News is a unique channel offering invigorating scrutiny, mentally stimulating analysis along with an acute focus on news reports. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbIzspJAAaE
Gulbarga (Karnataka), May 01 (ANI): Gulbarga, also known as Kalaburgi in former days, is well known for its architectural, historical and religious importance. It is also called as one of the Sufi cities having in its fold many famous religious sites which are spreading the message of unity and brotherhood. On such site is the Shrine of Mehboob Subhani Sani which is situated in the Niloor village of Gulbarga district in Karnataka. People from different religious communities flock this Shrine so as to get their wishes fulfilled. There are several small stalls selling flowers, Chadars, eatables and other material which are used for worshiping, situated outside the Shrine, making the place more colourful. Devotees usually buy the material for worshiping from these shops so as to offer it to the Shrine of Mehboob Subhani Sani. The Shrine also holds two URS annually in the name of the Saint, which is thronged by people of different states and religious communities. The Shrine has thus become a symbol of religious tolerance and draws people from different faiths leaving aside their differences in order to fulfil their personal wishes. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ☛ Visit our Official website: ☛ Subscribe to our Youtube Channel - Enjoy and stay connected with us!! ☛ Like us: ☛Follow us : ☛ Circle us : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4vkyBXwBGY
The Indian Express Videos: One stop for all videos related to mobile launches, gadgets reviews, technology, Entertainment and Bollywood including political videos, opinions and views. ——————————————————————————————— Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the Indian Express app at Watch more videos at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjaDzyFe48I
Will Carr reports from Canton, Texas https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFB-6E3223E
A furious Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has gagged senior leaders of his Aam Aadmi Party, sources said, and is expected to call a meeting today to discuss public statements made by them over the weekend. The order applies in particular to satirist-politician Kumar Vishwas and Delhi lawmaker Amantullah Khan, who has accused Mr Vishwas of plotting a coup to overthrow Mr Kejriwal as AAP chief. Sources said both the leaders have been warned against speaking to reporters and have been told to air their views in party meetings and not on TV cameras. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3or4yvu0LY
Any talk of taxing farm incomes turned out to be a political hot potato but NITI Aayog's three-year action agenda - discussed between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Chief Ministers last week - has set out several ambitious goals. One of the most far reaching suggestions by NITI Aayog is to hold simultaneous Lok Sabha and assembly polls from 2024. The report says, There should be synchronized two-phase elections even if that means curtailing or extending the tenure of some assemblies in national interest. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JME2VyBwVgU
The Tirunelveli District Cricket Association has planned to conduct the selection of Under-14 and Under-16 cricketers at India Cements Grounds in Sankar Nagar near here on Saturday (April 22) for the 23-day cricket coaching camp to be held at the same venue. An official statement said cricket coaching camp for U-14 and U-16 boys would be conducted at India Cements Grounds at Sankar Nagar from April 22 to May 15 on behalf of Tirunelveli District Cricket Association. Those who want to participate in the coaching camp should come to the India Cements Grounds at 3 p.m. on Saturday in 'cricket uniform' (white 'T' shirt, white pants and white canvas shoes) and showcase their skills in the selection. Candidates selected in the selection to be conducted on April 22 will be allowed to attend the camp, wherein T. Devendrakumar of Tamil Nadu Cricket Association will coach the successful players. For the U-14 category, the boys should have been born after September 2, 2003 and for the U-16 category, the cut-off date is September 2, 2001. For more information, interested boys may contact Natarajan Sankar at 99658 64452, the statement also said.
Days after a security guard was found murdered at former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's sprawling estate in the state, her former driver was killed in a road accident in Salem district last night. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW2MM58zxcY
Two private buses race each other on the highway in Tamil Nadu's Coimbatore and one speeds ahead on the wrong side, in a heart-stopping video that has gone viral on social media. The licenses of both the drivers were suspended Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MC4JqpciVS4
Remembering the late legendary actor Vinod Khanna, Bollywood's 'Dhak Dhak' girl Madhuri Dixit Nene said Khanna was one of the best actors that the Hindi film industry ever had. The 'Dil To Pagal Hai' actress along with her husband Dr. Sriram Nene was yesterday spotted at a dance festival organized by choreographer Terence Lewis. As usual, the 'Dhak Dhak' girl looked stunning in a flowery dress and kept her hair open in a neat style. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyGCJmbUtWw
The India International Waiters Race 2017 was held at the Shanghumugham beach. Waiters were required to reach the finish line with loaded trays, without spilling the contents. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4CQLidAdQo
It is a NewsX impact. The poster has been removed now from the Pulwama's College. Posters of Burhan Wani was raised in the college. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71gCDMUkPlY
German Chancellor Angela Merkel chose not to wear a headscarf on her visit to Saudi Arabia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxEHn5IMUI0
Read more on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8oiN2Zs0RI
Subscribe to WTA on YouTube: Like WTA on Facebook: Follow ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nIwo56rxN8
Farmers in Karnataka's drought hit region risked their lives to recover a dead crocodile trapped in mud. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fe20PRYVT8
The directorate of revenue intelligence raided residence of former armyman Devendra Kumar in Meerut and recovered animal remains, ammunition and some cash. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBeoCBCdBQc
CEBU, Philippines - The 33rd Balikatan Exercise between the Philippines and the United States of America officially opened yesterday at the headquarters of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) Central Command in Camp Lapu-Lapu, Apas, Cebu City. The exercise, which would focus on humanitarian and civil assistance to be conducted in the provinces of Panay, Leyte, and Eastern Samar, is expected to run until May 18. "Our activities are more on humanitarians and civil assistance. Meaning, constructing disaster resilient facilities and developing our capabilities, the community capabilities. That's why we have our cooperative engagement to transfer knowledge and skills on how we should react during emergency situation,s especially strong typhoons," said Lieutenant Colonel Mendel Aguilar, commander of the Philippine Joint Civil Military Operations task force. The force is expected to build two school buildings each in Panay, Leyte, and Eastern Samar with the use of materials that would make the structures capable to stand against strong typhoons and other calamities. Aguilar said Cebu was not included because the province is better off than those three provinces, specifically in terms of economic stability. The Philippine and American forces are also expected to train together in responding to during national disasters, providing aid during disasters, and in health care training Lieutenant Colonel Ryan Scott of the US Marine Corps, on the other hand, said that unlike previous exercises, the Balikatan would not focus on counterterrorism trainings. "We are not focusing on those. We are focusing on humanitarian assistance and disaster reliefs in order to help the AFP in times of calamities," he said. When asked whether they feel worried about the security in Cebu, he said they were very confident for their safety. "We'll work together as friends, partners and allies to positively impact the whole community. We have done it before, let us do it again...to train and work together," said Scott. (FREEMAN)
Comedian Hasan Minhaj roasted President Trump, several media outlets and even journalists during the White House Correspondents' dinner. » Subscribe to NBC News: » Watch more NBC video: NBC News is a leading source of global news and information. Here you will find clips from NBC Nightly News, Meet The Press, and original digital videos. Subscribe to our channel for news stories, technology, politics, health, entertainment, science, business, and exclusive NBC investigations. Connect with NBC News Online! Visit NBCNews.Com: Find NBC News on Facebook: Follow NBC News on Twitter: Follow NBC News on Google+: Follow NBC News on Instagram: Follow NBC News on Pinterest: Hasan Minhaj’s Correspondents’ Dinner Roast In 2 Minutes | NBC News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLPbj1x4ANg
Comparing them to the East India Company that had entered the country with a purpose to loot, Ramdev said that he aims to make India free from the MNCs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-_-vzQVFg8
New Delhi: Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Saturday claimed that his Twitter account was compromised and "someone" was sharing posts against veteran social activist Anna Hazare from it. It was not immediately clear whether Sisodia had regained full access to his account on the micro-blogging site. "My account hacked. Someone retweeting anti Anna Hazare messages from account. Trying to delete them, not even getting deleted," he tweeted. "Pls don't believe them. I have greatest respect for Anna ji. Can never say such things against him. Pls don't believe them," another tweet said. A screenshot of the re-tweets by Manish Sisodia's Twitter account Sisodia had played a major role in the Indian Against Corruption movement that was led by Hazare and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. In late 2012, Kejriwal branched out to launch the Aam Aadmi Party. Hazare has since been at odds with the AAP chief and frequently railed against him. Hazare attributed the recent electoral defeats of the AAP to Kejriwal's quest for power. The Delhi CM has "dashed my hopes", he had said, after the Shunglu panel report, that levelled allegations of gross abuse of power by the Delhi government, had surfaced.
heart touching mashup of Tum Hi ho 2017: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/mMPVYnT-3pw?a
Presenting ‘Hind Mere Jind’ from ‘Sachin A Billion Dreams’ sung by the legendary A R Rahman. Song Credits: Singer & Composer – A R Rahman Lyricist - Irshad Kamil Sachin A Billion Dreams Directed by: James Erskine Music by: A.R.Rahman Produced By: Ravi Bhagchandka & Carnival Motion Pictures For Caller tunes dial the below codes. Airtel – 5432116213649 (Toll Free) Vodafone - 5379449257 (Rs 0.30 per min) Idea – 567899449257 (Toll Free) Stream / Download from the links below iTunes India - iTunes US Store - iTunes UK Store - Google Play Music - Gaana - Wynk - Saavn - Hungama - Jio Music - Times Music - Dekkho - For updates on Sachin A Billion Dreams, follow: Facebook: Twitter: Instagram: For more updates: Facebook: Like us On G+: Tweet us your favourite videos on: Visit Our Website: Watch our videos on Dekkho - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxPMp-ZoEA
Three men who were roughed up last night in posh South Delhi, allegedly by activists of an animal rights group, have now been arrested. Police say the men had been cruel to the buffaloes they were taking for slaughter from Haryana's Gurgaon to Ghazipur Mandi in Ghaziabad. That was the accusation of the activists, who had been involved in the late-night drama. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-QvEOuXx5U
Kerala women dug 180 deep wells to quench thirst ensuring adequate source of drinking water for those in the region. Since October last, when the first signs of a prolonged drought became more visible, the women of Ottapalam block have been furiously digging wells with spades and shovels rather than let despondency take over. for more info watch video. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFuwuW5mVtM
In a horrifying an video doing rounds on social media, two bus drivers in Tamil Nadu put lives of passenger's and fellow commuters in jeopardy. As of now, the licenses of both the drivers have been suspended in Tamil Nadu's Coimbatore. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WID207o6nt0
Fox News contributor sounds off on 'Hannity' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmgcuTXv2hM
Ars Technica's Valentina Palladino attends Acer's product reveal event and takes a look at their new Switch, Swift, and Predator laptops, and the Leap Ware smart fitness watch. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Acer reveals new products for 2017 | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRUqx1-polw
Lashing out at the Pakistan Army for mutilating the bodies of two Indian Army Soldiers in Krishna Ghati, exiled Baloch leader Munir Mengal has said Pakistan Army is committing similar atrocities as ISIS, Taliban. He adding that they are insulting the Baloch people in worst form than this. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whOTMtaQMXA
The president also stressed to Fox News the urgency needed in addressing the regime; Rich Edson reports for 'Special Report' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KGKIaHJpkI
India lost two soldiers when Pakistan violated ceasefire in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir on Monday. For more stories Connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBPzy_5cOUY
"Hindus should follow - we two, our eight - formula," Giri said. To promote family planning in the country, the government had in the past introduced the 'Hum do, hamare do' (We two, our two) slogan. At the event which was organised at the Pawan Van Vihar Ashram, Mahora in Lakhipur here, Giri also said that for safety of Hindus, 'Hindu Raksha Dal' had been constituted and that it would be spread in the entire state. He praised Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath saying that he would create history in the state and by banning cow slaughter and had already made a good start. He lauded Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying that for the first time India has got "a good PM" and added that the country needed a PM devoted to the cause of Hindutva.
360 immersive video - Crowds gather at MacArthur Park to prepare to march to Los Angeles City Hall for May Day demonstrations. Organizers expect about 100,000 marchers in Los Angeles. SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE VIDEOS AND NEWS LET'S CONNECT: Google+ ► Facebook ► Twitter ► L.A. Times ► https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seD1xvkTxds
Tom Cruise prepping before shooting a love scene on the Mission Impossible 6 shooting in Paris https://youtu.be/iwgxtyl2a8c
India drop to No. 4 in ICC T20 rankings https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LpFvW7vI10
Footage from Brad Jones' DJI Inspire 2 in Oliver Springs, Tennessee before it gets shot down. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Brad Jones drone footage example 1 | Ars Technica Producer: Brad Jones https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY2wDFKwnkE
Five policemen and two guards from a private company were killed when terrorists attacked a bank vehicle in Kashmir's Kulgam today. The terrorists had stopped the cash van, ordered the policemen and the guards out and gunned them down. Hizbul Mujahideen has claimed responsibility for the attack. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Gp9TRbd4OE
The EPA removed climate change information from its website, saying in a press release that language on the website is being updated to reflect the approach of new leadership. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpzoaN_M204
Ars Technica's Jonathan Gitlin talks with Ford about their new hybrid police car at the 2017 New York International Auto Show. Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Ford's new hybrid police car | NYIAS 2017 | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnWmCEkGlhc
VIDEO: REUTERS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbmB8YgwJxg
President Trump wants a vote because the repeal and replace of ObamaCare was a central campaign promise and it frees up more money for tax reform; John Roberts has the roundup for 'Special Report' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpyo9e6_REk
Footage from Brad Jones' DJI Inspire 2 in Oliver Springs, Tennessee before it gets shot down. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Brad Jones drone footage example 3 | Ars Technica Producer: Brad Jones https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RMloGQHiN4
Ars Technica's Jonathan Gitlin talks with Hyundai/Genesis about the design of their new Genesis GV80 concept fuel cell luxury SUV at the 2017 New York Auto Show. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Genesis GV80 concept electric/fuel cell SUV | NYIAS 2017 | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB5ZXoigbTY
Researchers at the Center for Information Technology Policy (CITP/Princeton University) try to answer the question is artificial intelligence as biased as humans are?. Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Is AI as biased as humans are? | Ars Technica Producer: Aaron Nathans/Princeton University https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH5gVQN6Ig0
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Suspected militants attack bank vehicle in Kulgam http://youtu.be/TCqU9y41Ou8?a
Ars Technica's automotive editor Jonathan Gitlin talks with Jordan Taylor about his recent IMSA wins and talk about Cadillac's sleek race car. Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: NYIAS 2017 - a chat with Cadillac factors team driver, Jordan Taylor | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iWHgAuSHkA
Another day. Another outrage. There is a strong sense of deja vu now in every India-Pakistan conflict. The contours of action and counter-reaction are well known. This is not the first time that Pakistan has committed atrocities on Indian soldiers. It won't be the last. The rogues who don Pakistan army fatigues have no respect for any norms. The Indian Army has obviously not taken kindly to two of our jawans being beheaded. There is no reason to doubt their resolve. Rest assured, appropriate response will follow. However, due to a unique set of circumstances, Indian retaliation cannot remain limited to just military retribution. It must simultaneously be a public and political message. This is because of two reasons. First, the BJP, while in opposition, had frequently indulged in invective rhetoric against Pakistan. Recall Sushma Swaraj's demand to bring 10 Pakistani heads if Lance Naik Hemraj's mutilated body part was not returned. It must therefore be held by the same standard while in power. Second, Narendra Modi's self-projected image as a strong leader restricts considerably his options of carrying out a secretive cross-LoC military operation. With Modi at helm, the stakes are high. It is not enough now for Pakistani heads to roll, it must be a public spectacle. This is an important reason why some details of the 29 September surgical strike were released to media. In any armed conflict between two nuclear nations, the trickiest thing is to achieve the objective while staying within the nuclear threshold. In this piece, I will focus on the options available before Modi and the areas that need him immediate attention. What happened at Krishna Ghati sector? First the details. By now, it is clear that a Border Action Team (BAT) from Pakistan army crossed into the Indian side of LoC and ambushed an Army JCO and a BSF head constable in the Krishna Ghati sector of Poonch on Monday morning. Another Indian jawan sustained splinter injuries. In a media briefing on Tuesday, KN Choubey, BSF ADG Western Command said: "Taking advantage of the firing from the Pakistan side, BAT forces attacked our jawans and mutilated their bodies". He added that Constable Rajinder Singh, who was injured, is stable. The jawans who were killed and suffered mutilation at the hands of Pakistan army have been identified as Naib Subedar Paramjit Singh of 22 Sikh Regiment and Head Constable Prem Sagar of the BSF 200 Battalion. In a media statement released through Twitter on Monday, the Indian Army Northern Command called it "an unsoldierly act by the Pak Army the bodies of two of our soldiers in the patrol were mutilated" and vowed that "such despicable act of Pakistan Army will be appropriately responded." Another Northern Command tweet on Tuesday indicated that a DGMO-level contact with the Pakistan army has been established and an unequivocal message has been conveyed that the "dastardly and inhuman act beyond any norms of civility" will receive proper "response." Following the DGMO interaction, Pakistan army's Inter-Services Public Relations said in a statement that it "did not commit any ceasefire violation on the line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector). Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies is also false". It added that "Pakistan army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier, even Indian." It also asked for "actionable intelligence" and warned India against taking any action. If we ignore the amusing assertion that Pindi khakis are a 'highly professional force', it seems quite apparent that Pakistan is apprehensive of India's retaliation. The denial, too, is interesting. Beheading is not only a violation of Geneva Convention, it is considered an extremely provocative act. Pakistan's blatant rebuttal of it despite overwhelming evidence points to some sort of plausible deniability. It might be trying to suggest (as in the past) that the action was carried out by its terrorist proxies. It is possible that Lashkar operatives were involved because BATs are typically a unit of around 15, consisting of terrorist proxies and Pakistan army's 'Special Forces'. Even if there were terrorist proxies involved in beheading, the final responsibility lies with Pakistan army: A fact of which it is only too aware. The more important point is the timing. The move comes at a time when there are two simultaneous churnings under way in Pakistan. One, a familiar power tussle between Pakistan's civilian government and its security establishment. On Saturday, under severe pressure from the Rawalpindi khakis, Nawaz Sharif was forced to sack two of his top officials -- Syed Tariq Fatemi and Rao Tehseen Ali Khan -- as part of a power battle over leaks to Pakistan media of a meeting "at which civilian leaders confronted the military over its alleged reluctance to halt Islamist groups in the country." Most damagingly for Pakistan, which has been ruled by the army for 33 years of its 70-year-old existence, the Pindi khakis rejected Sharif's move and in a tweet exposed once again who is the real boss. Notification on Dawn Leak is incomplete and not in line with recommendations by the Inquiry Board. Notification is rejected. Two, Nawaz Sharif's hosting of Indian businessman Sajjan Jindal, who is rumoured to be close to both Sharif and Modi. The visit has been widely interpreted in Pakistan as some sort of a back-channel communication mechanism to break the deadlock over Kulbhushan Jadhav. Both these incidents provide the background in which the beheading of Indian soldier took place. It implies that Pakistan army is desperate to raise the temperature to undermine Sharif's authority and preempt any communication between the two nations over any issue. Why so? Because it feels that a decades-old effort in instigating home-grown insurgency in Kashmir is paying handsome dividends. A close economic-strategic partnership with China centered around China-Pakistan Economic Corridor may have also convinced it that India's tradition military advantage over Pakistan now stands neutralised. India's traditional response to Pakistan's provocation has been 'strategic patience', which some say is less of a strategy and more of a forced patience because in reality, India has few options. Nuclear weapons have neutralised traditional military advantage. Whatever was left of 'cold start' doctrine has been put paid by Chinese proximity arising out of its strategic investments in Pakistan. India is well aware that it might have to open two fronts instead of one should it seek to initiate a full-fledged military operation against Pakistan. Does this mean we must try to reopen the talks process? A section of Indian commentariat and strategic circles advocate "talks" as an effective method of de-escalation of tension. This is self-defeating. To begin with, talks can be only be held with an elected, civilian government which unfortunately is not the real custodian of power. Nawaz Sharif has no agency. Pakistan Army, a bunch of rent-seeking savages who impoverish the State to further its influence and dream of engaging India in a 1000-year war, understands only the language of force. The first thing is to comprehend is this: India needs a multi-layered Pakistan policy, provided it is interested in investing in such a policy beyond short-term measures to control the narrative. All options, including military and diplomatic, must be on table along with a clear understanding that none of these come without a cost. India's aim should be to escalate Pakistan's cost-benefit ratio while controlling collateral damage. No one wants a nuclear war but Pakistan's hot-headed generals must be made aware that if such an eventuality takes place, India will emerge with a deep wound but Pakistan will cease to exist. The surgical strikes -- and owning of it -- has proved the lie of Pakistan's low nuclear threshold. It may indulge in a bluff but it wants war much less than it is ready to admit. Therefore, a limited military strike must definitely be an option. The second must be using of all diplomatic tools at India's command, including but not limited to, abrogation of Indus Waters Treaty. This is not an easy game to play, what with India's record of upholding the sanctity of international treaties and obligations but water will be ultimately the final frontier of India-Pakistan conflict. The way Islamabad reacted to a mere mention of reworking the water-sharing pact points to its deep insecurity over this issue. Tragically, India's interest in providing diplomatic and moral support to Balochistan insurgency struggle has been wavering and intermittent. The Modi government is yet to approve Baloch leader Brahamdagh Bugti's asylum request and has placed it on a slow burner. A lack of coherent policy on Balochistan in visible beyond rhetorical posturing. All these point to the conclusion that the Modi government lacks long-term vision and is lax in focusing on India's external and internal security apparatus. Nothing exemplifies this more than the fact that the PM still hasn't thought it fit to appoint a full-time defence minister. This is not to suggest that the Poonch beheadings could have been avoided were it not so. It is also not a question of whether Arun Jaitley can manage two important portfolios. Delays on matters of such importance contributes to the impression that India is a soft nation. It may not be reality but perception shapes much of world politics. Modi is too seasoned a politician to not understand that.
Ars Technica's Jonathan Gitlin talks to General Motors about the new Supercruise hands-free driving system on their Cadillac CT6 model at the 2017 New York Auto Show. Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Cadillac Supercruise driving system | NYIAS 2017 | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn1V47MMGt8
if bollywood decides to make film like bollywood what will be star cast bahubali.check here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uttUTWmHeD4
Comedian Hasan Minhaj missed the obvious target at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKjDbZx0GGs
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2G8dzVhfCc
Rating at BBB-with stable outlook. Ritu Singh brings us the details. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fATI034AmoI
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Young Justin Trudeau Photos Dazzle, Ignite Crushes Over Social Media http://youtu.be/LFyLSbl-qPM?a
Vijayawada: Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu embarks on a busy eight-day trip to the United States on May 4. He will sign MoUs with various global firms and interact with 300 chief executive officers (CEOs) during his tour. However, social media platforms are challenging Mr Naidu and his team, asking how the IT Serv consortium will enter an MoU with the CM. The consortium entered MoUs with the then IT minister Palle Raghunatha Reddy twice, and Nara Lokesh once. Praising the CM for his tireless efforts in getting MoUs with Microsoft, Google and Infosys once, NRIs are questioning how he was prompted to enter MoUs with IT Serv, a consortium of IT companies that has questionable integrity. Kia Motors came to AP and signed an MoU with the government for Rs 11,000 crore, so what prompted the AP government to go for an MoU with this consortium, which is proposing MoUs worth Rs 300 crore only, netizens asked. A former minister said a split in the NRI division of the TD is the root cause of the present controversy. AP Non-Resident Telugu''s Association (APNRT) members, facing criticism for allegedly promoting divisional politics among NRIs, particularly the TD fans, became the subject of discussion for several Telugu NRIs on Facebook. An NRI from Dallas said he would believe in talent, rather than selling talent, indirectly referring to APNRT's reported high-handedness. Another NRI posted that such types of politics were not seen in Mr Naidu's earlier tenures. Dr. S. Raghavendra Prasad posted on his FB wall, that it has been 10 years since Mr Naidu's last trip to Dallas. "Many things changed since then. NRI TD members actively canvassed for TD candidates in the last two elections. TD came to power. State divided. State got the distinction of being number one in alcohol consumption with 34 litres per head per year. Suicides became the number one killer in AP, surpassing accidents," he wrote. "NRT was created with an NRI as head; he was never involved in NRI TD or any community activity before. The only qualification Vemuru Ravikumar has is that he is in the good books of Nara Lokesh. The NRT leadership successfully pushed aside the NRI TD leadership and cadre in all activities that it took over themselves," Dr Prasad posted. "The introduction of NRT fractured the otherwise very united NRI TD," he observed and expressed hope that there could be a candid exchange of views in this area for a better TD and AP of tomorrow.
A maid servant from Mumbai has threatened to quit her job if her employers do not provide her with a dress like the one worn by Priyanka Chopra to the Met Gala red carpet. The maid says she has back problems which make it difficult for her to bend down while mopping the floor. The gown will help her clean the floor as she just walks across the house. Speaking to Faking News, Gangubai the maid, said, "It's not possible for me to carry on with the houselhold tasks now. Dus saal ho gaya idhar kaam karke. Rojka jhadu-pocha karke mera kamar toot gaya. Now I want that dress so that I wont have to bend anymore" "I have given an ultimatum to my employers, if I don't get the dress in the next 5 days, I will quit the job," she added. When questioned if she'd fit in the dress given that it would designed keeping body proportions in mind, Gangu said that she was ready to shed a few kilos to squeeze herself in the gown. Her employers, the Verma family is now in a fix and trying their best to meet her latest demands. "Although her demand is ridiculous, there is nothing we can do about it. And she wants the exact same dress not a 'similar' looking one. That Ralph-Lauren outfit costs a bomb. I never bought a dress like that for myself and now I have to gift one to my maid," said Neha Verma. Though he would hate to admit it, but this was one rare occasion when Neha's better half agreed with her. "I have already applied for a loan to buy that outfit. Being in the IT sector I have not received a raise for the last 6 years. All my savings will go in getting that 'gown mop' for 'her highness'. I did think of getting rid of her, but my wife wouldn't agree. Sometimes I feel my wife can do without me but not without the maid," said Ankit Verma, as he got busy applying for a loan to different banks. Meanwhile, a Ralph-Lauren spokesperson admitted to having received a lot of queries regarding 'Priyanka Chopra dress' from both employers and maids in India.
The over-three-month standoff between the Supreme Court and Calcutta High Court Justice CS Karnan entered a fresh round on Monday, with the apex court ordering his medical examination as it expressed doubt if he was in a fit mental condition to defend himself. But an unfazed Karnan refused to undergo a medical check-up and instead directed Delhi Police to produce the seven judges before a psychiatric board. Karnan, then a judge in the Madras High Court had written a letter to the prime minister in January accusing 20 Supreme Court judges, including Chief Justice of India JS Khehar, of corruption. His list also named Attorney-General Mukul Rohtagi. However, the apex court had taken this as contempt of court, and they summoned Karnan. A notice was issued to him, asking why shouldn't the court view Karnan's actions as those of disgrace to the judiciary and why shouldn't a contempt case be taken up against him. The story from verbal and legal backlash ensued from thereon, casting an unprecedented tale where a sitting high court judge stood in defiance of the apex judiciary body in India. If anything, Karnan's defiant attitude further worsened the matters. On 8 February, the Supreme Court issued him a contempt notice, an unprecedented step against a sitting judge, and asked him to appear before the bench in person and not discharge any judicial and administrative functions while the matter was in court. He was transferred from the Madras High Court to the Calcutta High Court for his conduct. However, a recalcitrant Karnan stayed his transfer order on 15 February. As Karnan failed to appear, the apex court on 10 March, in another unprecedented move, issued a bailable warrant against him. But the judge escalated the row by ordering a Central Board of Investigation probe against the the seven judges. Four days later, the West Bengal DGP served the bailable warrant on Karnan, who, however, dismissed it as "immaterial". On 31 March, Karnan had appeared in the Supreme Court, a first in Indian judicial history, and had sought restoration of his powers as a condition for his re-appearance, but the plea was rejected. He had also said he would not appear before it again even if he was arrested and put in jail. He renewed the confrontation on 13 April, passing a "judicial order" against the seven-judge bench for "violating" the Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act and directed them to "appear" before him on 28 April. Later in an order, Justice Karnan directed the Air Control Authority in New Delhi not to allow the CJI and other six judges to travel abroad. Observing that Karnan was making "press statements with abject impunity", the bench had gone to the extent of suggesting Justice Karnan, who had defiantly refused to appear before the bench despite summons, may file some medical records pertaining to his mental condition. The bench said, "the tenor of press briefings as also purported orders passed by him indicate that he may not be in a position to defend himself. "Therefore, we consider it in the fitness of the matter to require him to be medically examined. We hereby direct the Calcutta Hospital to constitute a board of doctors to examine Shri Justice CS Karnan and submit a report." The bench reiterated its previous order of barring Karnan from duty, adding that no tribunal or authority should take cognisance of any "purported" orders passed by him. The court also directed the state Director General of Police to set up a team of police to assist the medical board, due to conduct the checkup on 4 May. The Board of Doctors is expected to submit a report before 8 May, a day before the next hearing, on "whether or not Karnan is in a fit condition to defend himself". The bench noted that ever since contempt proceedings were initiated against him, Justice Karnan has been "expressing further disrespect" to the top court and also been making "press statements with abject impunity". Rohatgi referred to the recent actions including the order passed by Justice Karnan summoning eight SC judges and said he is giving "two hoots" to the judiciary and "aggravating" his contempt before the highest court of the land. Non-action will make the judiciary a "laughing stock" as the common persons' confidence in the system would be shaken, he said. Referring to the orders passed by Karnan after 8 February, the CJI said, "I don't understand the nature of the orders. But he is in clear breach of our orders. The nature of the orders is clearly in teeth of our orders". Rohatgi said that Karnan was "aggravating" his position every day and "he has done it again and again... this is completely unacceptable". The bench observed that these actions may also indicate that "he is not in position to defend himself". "This is a gross criminal contempt. This is not a civil contempt....this court has been very patient with him," the Attorney General said. Rohatgi added that Karnan has ordered "Your Lordships to appear before him today". "Today? Oh, that's why he is not present here. He is expecting us there," the CJI said. Within hours of the Supreme Court order, an unfazed Kannan called a media conference at his Newtown residence in Kolkata's northeastern fringes and, termed as "ridiculous" the apex court's order. "I do not need medical records. Without hearing me, how can this be done," Karnan had replied and had sought restoration of his powers which was rejected. Karnan even threatened to "pass suo motu suspension order against the Director General of Police of West Bengal, if the DGP functions against my wish". Instead, he ordered the Delhi Police to produce the seven apex court judges before a psychiatric medical board under the AIIMS hospital in New Delhi and submit a report on or before 7 May after conducting "appropriate medical tests". "The seven accused judges have desperately adopted this ridiculous order, in order to escape the punishment leviable via the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (prevention of) atrocity act," Karnan said. "With their phenomenal behaviour, it is the said seven judges who actually require medical examination," he said. "Actually, I am not a contemnor. My work has been taken away for me without any notice to me or without giving me an opportunity to be heard. For the last two months, I have gone through so much, people ask me questions about it and I have no answer. You all have taken a suo motu contempt proceeding against me, you have issued notice to me but at the same time you fixed the punishment by taking away my work," he had said. Karnan claimed the order was an "additional insult" to a Dalit judge like him, who is of "sound health and mind". "I further direct the Director-General of Police, New Delhi to take all the seven accused judges and produce them to a psychiatric medical board attached to the Aiims Hospital in New Delhi to conduct appropriate medical tests and submit a copy of the report on or before 7 May," he said.
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► SOURCE : Times Now, Agencies New Delhi: The Delhi Police on Tuesday arrested a woman who had allegedly honey-trapped BJP MP KC Patel and demanded Rs five crore in return for objectionable pictures and videos of him. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0UClsr1TQM
A model who helped promote that catastrophic music festival in the Bahamas is denying being involved in planning the event. Amanda Riley says she was offered free travel and VIP tickets to the Fyre Festival in exchange for promoting the event to her followers on social media. [People] thought I was scamming them and [that] I was in on it. Absolutely not, she told Inside Edition. She joined other models like Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner in hyping the festival. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXV3Xu3GteE
Florists from the Arab region and beyond take part in the 9th annual international flower festival in Iraq's capital. Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exHj9hlPdP8
Complex prey handling of octopus by bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops aduncus). (Dolphins attack octopus). Video courtesy of Marine Mammal Science, Murdoch University, Cetacean Research Unit (K Sprogis, H Raudino, DP Hocking, L Bejder). Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Complex prey handling of octopus by bottlenose dolphins | Ars Technica Producer: Murdoch University/Cetacean Research Unit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxxksCC-sL0
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► New Delhi: Sparking another controversy, senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Monday accused the Telangana police of setting up a “bogus ISIS site” which he claimed is “encouraging” Muslim youths to join the ISIS. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqCmORKNQFc
Two jawans were killed and mutilated in Kashmir in unprovoked firing by Pakistan this morning, the army has said, warning of appropriate response for the despicable act. It also retaliated with heavy mortar fire immediately, said sources. The soldiers who were killed -an army jawan and a constable of the Border Security Force or BSF - were part of a team on patrol between two forward posts in the Krishna Ghati sector along the Line of Control when Pakistan fired rockets and mortar bombs, the army said. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsLBugvpXso
Islamabad: Pakistan claimed that the international community has rejected India's contention that the turmoil in Kashmir is primarily a cross-border terrorism issue, as it blamed India for "scuttling" all opportunities for a "meaningful" dialogue to resolve the issue. Pakistan Prime Minister's Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz, in a hard-hitting statement, said Islamabad has always welcomed the endeavours aimed at addressing the human rights issues in the Valley and the resolution of the Kashmir issue. "India's contention that the Kashmir issue is, primarily, an issue of cross-border terrorism, is a claim that no one in the world is prepared to accept today," Aziz said in a statement issued by the Foreign Office. He also welcomed Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's suggestion of having a multilateral dialogue to resolve the issue. The recent offer of the Turkish President Erdogan to strengthen the dialogue process among the stakeholders for resolving the Kashmir issue and his call for a multilateral approach to settle the issue must be welcomed, Aziz said. "In this context, the Indian counter proposal that it is ready for bilateral dialogue with Pakistan is no longer credible because in the past two decades India has scuttled all opportunities for a meaningful dialogue to resolve the Kashmir issue in accordance with the UN Security Council's relevant resolutions on Kashmir," Aziz said. He alleged that the Indian government has broken its "own record of brutality" in Kashmir by "indiscriminately killing" unarmed Kashmiri protestors. Aziz said the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation's (OIC) Declaration' adopted by the 13th Summit in Istanbul, in April last, "out-rightly rejected India's attempts of equating the Kashmiris freedom struggle with terrorism." "Political analysts and members of civil society from across the globe have concluded that the large scale uprising, which is going on in Kashmir, involving mostly young unarmed Kashmiris confronting fully armed Indian forces, clearly shows that Kashmir is a burning issue requiring urgent international attention," Aziz said.
Footage from Brad Jones' DJI Inspire 2 in Oliver Springs, Tennessee before it gets shot down. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Brad Jones drone footage example 2 | Ars Technica Producer: Brad Jones https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vb5v4sRSqd0
Pub 2 #Pop on #YouTube in 0.3d. Fyre Festival promo video 2017 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANYqvbFsodw
via CNN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZEHeUs7ljk
For the second successive year, the Cleveland Cavaliers picked up Dahntay Jones right at the end of the regular season. And, once again, the Cavaliers ended up facing the Toronto Raptors in the postseason. And, once again, Dahntay Jones got in trouble while they were playing the Raptors in the postseason. And, yes, once again, LeBron James will be paying Jones' fine. This postseason, Jones wasn't penalized for hitting anyone, but got ejected anyway after taunting Raptors rookie Jakob Poeltl and exchanging words with Norman Powell . It was an extremely eventful few minutes on the floor for Jones, who was seeing his first action during the playoffs. This time around, the fine for Jones is a bit steeper. He'll be docked $6,000 for the technicals and ejection, which isn't really that much for an NBA player, but was two-thirds of the money Jones had been paid by the Cavs this season. Luckily, his buddy LeBron is stepping up to take care of things yet again, but told him this is enough. LeBron on Jones' ejection: "I said listen Dahntay, enough is enough. Stop getting kicked out. I'm tired of paying your damn fines." When LeBron has entered scornful dad mode with his postgame quotes, it's probably a good time to start listening to him.
Ars Technica's Valentina Palladino reviews Google/Youtube's new TV-streaming app, Youtube TV. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Youtube TV review | Ars Technica Editor: Jennifer Hahn Producer: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8Cgr0Wno90
Shillong: In one of the biggest achievements in Indian football history, unheralded Aizawl FC on Sunday lifted the I-League crown after they held Shillong Lajong 1-1 in a tense match. Lajong went ahead in the ninth minute through A Dipanda but Aizawl equalised in the 67th minute through W Lalnunfela as the two sides split points in a highly-anticipated match at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Despite Mohun Bagan defeating Chennai City FC 2-1 in a simultaneous match in Kolkata, Aizawl ran away with the title to script a fairytale story. Aizawl ended the league on 37 points while Mohun Bagan finished second on 36. They have won the I-League title in their second season, becoming the first club from the Northeast to bag the title. It was, in fact, the Leicester moment for the Aizawl side as their fortunes turned around in just a matter of a year after they were on the verge of relegation from the I-League last season. Aizawl would not have at all played in the I-League this season as they finished eighth last year but after a few Goan sides pulled out of the country's top-flight league, they got a lifeline to stay afloat. Their feat is comparable to the unheralded English Premier League side Leicester which won the title in 2015-16 season after they were on the verge of relegation the previous year. A club whose budget is just around Rs 2 crore (Mohun Bagan spend the same amount in buying Sony Norde), it's an achievement of enormous proportion. The match, the Northeast derby, was though not without controversy as Aizawl played under protest after finding out that the title-deciding game would be conducted by officials from Bengal. Aizawl protested because Kolkata side Mohun Bagan were also in title contention and playing a simultaneous match. The Northeastern club said that they have earlier requested the AIFF to appoint neutral match officials from other states.
Trust Priyanka Chopra to make a statement every time she walks the red carpet. This time around, the star made a jaw-dropping appearance at the Met Gala 2017, with a red carpet-winning trailing trench coat dress. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPPrat47IJg
In this day and age, just how useful are writers anyway? The filmmakers behind 'Sunspring' have come back with a new short starring David Hasselhoff, Tom Payne, Tim Guinee, Sarah Hay, and Jake Broder. Once again, they've enlisted the help of Benjamin, an A.I. programmed by Ross Goodwin to write screenplays. Watch Sunspring here: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: It's No Game | A Sci-fi Short Film Starring David Hasselhoff Starring: Tom Payne, Tim Guinee, Sarah Hay, David Hasselhoff, and Jake Broder Director: Oscar Sharp Writer: Benjamin 2.0, Oscar Sharp, and (writer of Benjamin 2.0) Ross Goodwin Producer: Allison Friedman Director: Oscar Sharp Producer: Allison Friedman Written By: Benjamin 2.0, Oscar Sharp, (writer of Benjamin 2.0) Ross Goodwin https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qPgG98_CQ8
Ars Technica's Valentina Palladino reviews the new Garmin Vivosmart 3. Its new rep count tracking feature is great, though improvements to the Garmin Connect app are still sorely needed. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Garmin Vivosmart 3 review | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMT95wTKEZk
In wrenching mobile footage from Uttar Pradesh, a man weeps as he carries his 15-year-old son's body over his shoulder at a hospital where he was provided neither a stretcher nor an ambulance. Another example that proves that in large parts of India, the story of Dana Majhi - the Odisha man forced to walk 10 km with his wife's body slung over his shoulder - is on endless repeat. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vltmntLeZbI
Fidayeen attacks by militants in Kashmir are bound to increase in the coming days in a bid to disrupt normalcy in Jammu and Kashmir, army intelligence sources warned. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mt_fDuSA14M
Ars Technica's Valentina Palladino reviews the new Garmin Fenix 5S activity tracker, a very expensive but comprehensive workout watch. Read the full review: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Review: Garmin's new Fenix 5S activity tracker | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTdNdBDlMp0
Deepika Padukone made her Met Gala debut and she was a sight to behold in a white backless gown that accentuated her tall slender frame to perfection. Looking nothing less than a princess, the actress strutted into the event in a divine satin Tommy Hilfiger creation. If the delicate dress with its revealing back wasn't enough to grab attention, walking up the iconic staircase with Hilfiger by her side sure did the trick. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DQFD27KnE8
Ars Technica's Jonathan Gitlin talks with Audi Sport Customer Racing about their new GT4 class R8 LMS at the 2017 New York Auto Show. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Audi Sport Customer Racing R8 LMS | NYIAS 2017 | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdy8Nn6fJUw
Rachel Maddow points out how Donald Trump has hired people who are ill-suited for the roles in which they're meant to serve, like contraception skeptic Teresa Manning in charge of contraception programs, or anti-abortion activist Charmaine Yoest bringing alternative facts to HHS. » Subscribe to MSNBC: About: MSNBC is the premier destination for in-depth analysis of daily headlines, insightful political commentary and informed perspectives. Reaching more than 95 million households worldwide, MSNBC offers a full schedule of live news coverage, political opinions and award-winning documentary programming -- 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Connect with MSNBC Online Visit msnbc.com: Find MSNBC on Facebook: Follow MSNBC on Twitter: Follow MSNBC on Google+: Follow MSNBC on Instagram: Follow MSNBC on Tumblr: Donald Trump Administration Weak On Basic Competence | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v22MjnnrVBA
Priyanka Chopra, who just wrapped up the filming of American television show Quantico, has paid a visit to India recently. Fans might have thought the actress would take a break before she joins the promotions of Baywatch. But that wasn't to be. The actress has graced the cover of the latest issue (June 2017) of Glamour magazine. Priyanka has gone summery wearing off-white briefs and an over-sized green crop top and looked super glamorous. The beauty queen shared the cover picture on her Instagram and captioned it: "Hello Summer! Thank you @GlamourMag for a beautiful June cover! It's a great way to kick of the official Baywatch countdown...25 days to go! #GlamourCoverGirl #BeachReady #BeBaywatch" She plays villain, Victoria Leeds, in Baywatch. The flick also stars Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron. Despite her back-to-back Hollywood projects, Priyanka is keeping a tab on the Indian industry as well. The roaring success of Baahubali 2 has impressed the actress and she even congratulated the team on Twitter. "Congratulations @ssrajamouli Sir on another spectacle! May u keep the flag flying..@karanjohar congrats!. #Baahubali2," she tweeted.
Interesting Facts of Baahubali 2 | 2017 via @YouTube https://youtu.be/i2F-m7ueaxU
Showing your butt on Instagram is becoming pretty popular. Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, and Francis Maxwell, the hosts of The Young Turks, show you “Cheeky Exploits. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. “As a vague vapour trail-like mark moved across the sky (unless the Northern Lights are strong, the naked eye will most likely see them in mono and the green hue will only be picked up by cameras, which don’t see with rods and cones), one of our group put down his equipment. Hurray, I thought – someone else is going to look at the Northern Lights with their eyes, instead of a wide lense – and then he started taking off his clothes. In the snow, he stripped down completely, strode a couple of feet away down the garden with his back to us, spread his legs, thrust his arms skyward and screamed “Wooohooo!” as our host captured the event for posterity with his long exposure shot. He must have caught my look of revulsion, because he apologised for offending the “ladies” and exchanged a look – if you’re female, you already know that look – with our host (who later informed me that I wasn’t “his kind of person”). “I’m not offended,” I said at the time. Though I should have added, “I just think you’re repellent.” Read more here: Hosts: Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, Francis Maxwell Cast: Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, Francis Maxwell *** The Largest Online News Show in the World. Hosted by Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian. LIVE STREAMING weekdays 6-8pm ET. Subscribe to The Young Turks on YouTube: Like The Young Turks on Facebook: Follow The Young Turks on Twitter: Buy TYT Merch: Download audio and video of the full two hour show on-demand + the members-only post game show by becoming a member at Your membership supports the day to day operations and is vital for our continued success and growth. Young Turk (n), 1. Young progressive or insurgent member of an institution, movement, or political party. 2. A young person who rebels against authority or societal expectations.(American Heritage Dictionary) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jetneIWosu8
Bangla Sports news Oxyom cricketer with 4 wickets in 92 balls in the second Division Cricket League match on April 11. The opponent was Lalmatia Club. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEBJfdF37R8
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket successfully launched from Kennedy Space Center at 7:15 a.m. ET Monday with a classified U.S. intelligence mission, a day after a sensor problem scrubbed a first attempt. The first stage landed about nine minutes later at nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The 230-foot Falcon 9 rocket was carrying the National Reconnaissance Office's NROL-76 mission. Be Smarter. Faster. More Colorful and get the full story at *************************************************************************** Want even more? Subscribe to USA TODAY's YouTube channel: Like USA TODAY on Facebook: Follow USA TODAY on Twitter: Follow USA TODAY on Instagram: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzbFPsOUVXk
An animation of Boeing's Starliner launch system. Read the article on Ars Technica: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Boeing Starliner launch animation | Ars Technica Producer: Boeing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVKFH5-Q0s4
Martry Paramjeet Singh's family speaks to NewsX; Arun Jaitley briefs PM on J&K situation. Martyr Paramjeet Singh's wife seeks revenge. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a-xoF2K-W0
For more than a year, Manisha Ravindra Kohli, a mother of two, has been driving her saffron-coloured auto through the chaotic streets of Thane, an eastern suburb of Mumbai. She lucked out when she was selected for a government scheme that reserves 5% of rickshaw permits for women. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-xYdRgmO3c
Amid the continuing unrest in Jammu and Kashmir, Governor N N Vohra on Tuesday met Home Minister Rajnath Singh and discussed the issues concerning the state with him. During the 40-minute meeting, Singh and Vohra reviewed the ground situation in the valley and the steps taken to control it. Issues like infiltration from across the border, activities of separatists and street protests by students were discussed at the meeting, official sources said. The situation along the border, where two soldiers were beheaded by the Pakistan Army yesterday, also figured in the meeting. The Governor is expected to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi too. Jammu and Kashmir had witnessed violence during the April 9 bypoll to the Srinagar Lok Sabha seat in which eight people lost their lives in more than 200 incidents. The Election Commission has also cancelled the May 25 Anantnag Lok Sabha bypoll, saying the situation there is not feasible for holding the election. On Monday, seven people, five of them policemen, were killed by Hizbul Mujahideen terrorists after being dragged out of a bank's cash van in Kulgam district. Last month, the valley saw protests by students against alleged police excesses where even girls, for the first time in recent memory, were seen pelting stones at security personnel. Massive protests erupted in Kashmir after the death of Hizbul Mujahideen militant Burhan Wani in an encounter in July last year which continued for nearly four months. More than 90 people lost their lives, while scores of security personnel and civilians were injured.
Inspirado ngayon si Xian Lim na gumawa pa ng mga pelikula at mas open siya ngayong makatrabaho ang iba pang artista. Subscribe to the ABS-CBN News channel! - Watch the full episodes of UKG on TFC.TV and on IWANT.TV for Philippine viewers, click: Visit our website at Facebook: Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxpBgQ_6_9k
The Hill's Joe Concha weighs in on what President Trump's relationship with the mostly adversarial press, saying the president being mean to the press is not a threat to its freedom #Tucker https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32Agwy39X0w
As President Donald Trump wraps up his first 100 days in office there's no doubt the days leading up to the milestone conceived by President Franklin D. Roosevelt have been memorable. Trump began his presidency on January 20, when he spoke of putting America First at his swearing-in ceremony before going on to dance with his wife, First Lady Melania Trump, to Frank Sinatra's My Way at a post-inauguration ball. Trump's presidency has also seen numerous protests so far. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZgryICLSqM
Ars Technica's Jonathan Gitlin tours the floor of the 2017 New York Auto Show, scouting the extraordinary number of cars, trucks and concepts. Highlights include: Nissan's Nismo GTR, Mercedes GLC63S Coupe, Volvo XC60, and the electric BMW i3. Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: NYIAS 2017: Best of the rest | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdnHJCuP-jk
Complex underground tunnels were discovered in Brazil, the question is who dug them? Download the Beyond Science Magazine Here! Please Sign This Petition to Stop Forced Organ Harvesting in China: ►Subscribe for more videos! ►Check out my food channel! ★↓FOLLOW ME ON SOCIAL MEDIA!↓★ Facebook Show Page: Facebook Mike Fan Page: Instagram: Twitter: Snapchat: Mikeychenx Periscope: Mikexingchen ~Send stuff at our PO Box! Mike Chen PO Box 610 Middletown, NY 10940 ------------------------ Music: Pamgaea, Inspired by Kevin MacLeod Licensed under Creative Commons: By attribution 3.0 License Get tickets to the best show on earth!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqXtNCAMDXs
Ipoh, Malaysia: India put up a spirited show before squandering the early lead to go down 1-3 against defending champions Australia in a league match of the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament on Tuesday. After managing to hold the world champions in the first quarter, India took the lead in the 25th minute through a field goal from Harmanpreet Singh. But Australia pumped in three field goals to maintain their position atop the round- robin league standings. Eddie Ockenden (30th minute), Tom Craig (34th) and Tom Wickham (51st) showed why Australia are one of the most feared teams in the world through their outstanding field goals as the Indian challenge faded in the last quarter. Nine-time winners of the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup, Australia now have seven points from three outings, while last year's runner-up India are on four points after three matches. Australia went into attacking mode from the start, forcing the first penalty corner in the opening minute, but the Indian defenders rushed out to close the angle. Craig's deflection on Dylan Wotherspoon's cross in the third minute went wide of the mark before India earned a penalty corner two minutes later. The push was neatly stopped, but Harmanpreet could not gather the ball as he stepped into the drag-flick motion. Goalkeeper P. R. Sreejesh blocked a deflection by Craig in the seventh minute before the Indians came into the attacking frame. Akashdeep Singh fed a short pass to Mandeep Singh in the circle in the eighth minute, but he was tightly marked and failed to create any space. India forced their second penalty corner a minute later but Rupinderpal Singh's rising flick was palmed back into play by Australian custodian Tyler Lovell. Akashdeep then tried a deflection on Pradeep Mor's diagonal cross from right, only to direct it wide in the 11th minute. Soon after Sreejesh limped off the pitch as he got injured while diving for a long diagonal ball into the circle. He was replaced by Akash Chikte in goal in the 13th minute. Both Australia and India had a penalty corner reversed on video referral three minutes into the second quarter. Sardar Singh then created an opening for India in the 23rd minute through a fine run down the centre, beating two defenders to move into the scoring circle and then beating the third with his square pass to Akashdeep. But Akashdeep could not control his reverse shot and the ball went high and wide. Two minutes later, India came close to opening the account when Sumit worked his way up from the right and crossed into the centre for Talwinder Singh, whose deflection rebounded off the left post. India broke the deadlock to take the initial lead in the 26th minute when Harmanpreet scored a field goal. Working his way into the circle from the right, Harmanpreet crossed the ball for Mandeep in the goalmouth, but it went into the goal off a defender's stick. Goalkeeper Chikte palmed away an Australian penalty corner shot before Ockenden deflected in a long diagonal cross from Jeremy Hayward for the equaliser just before half-time. Craig then beat the Indian goalkeeper with his reverse shot after being fed by captain Matthew Swann. The Australian goalkeeper denied India on a counter-attack in the 41st minute that saw Sardar move into the rival territory and send a pass to Akashdeep on top of the circle. But Akashdeep's reverse shot did not cause any problem for the Australian keeper. Aaron Kleinschmidt missed a sitter after getting the ball in the Indian goalmouth, before India earned the last of their third penalty corners but Harmanpreet's rising flick was cleared by the goalkpeeper. The third Australian goal, from Tom Wickham came after he ran square into the circle as three Indian defenders hesitated to tackle him. Wickham slammed in a firm shot that gave no chance to the custodian. India took off their goalkeeper to add another player in the field in a desperate attempt to stay in the contest, but the Australian defenders did not allow them a shy at their goal.
Ars Technica's Annalee Newitz talked with director Oscar Sharp and actor David Hasselhoff about their new short film It's Not a Game, which contains lines written by an AI named Benjamin. Watch the film: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Short Film Showcase: a chat with David Hasselhoff | Ars Technica Producer: Annalee Newitz Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruwPjLSPDBM
Mumbai: Singer Ed Sheeran has revealed some key details about his small appearance on 'Game of Thrones' season seven. The 26-year-old singing sensation will share screen-time with real-life friend Maisie Williams who plays Arya Stark on the popular show, reported The Independent. Speaking on The Hits Radio, Sheeran said, "I just do a scene with Maisie. I sing a song and then she goes, 'oh, that's a nice song'." Sheeran was previously confirmed to make a cameo on the HBO's hit fantasy drama by showrunners David Benioff and D B Weiss.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, after talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, said the world must need to work as one to disrupt terror networks. Assuring India of support, Turkish President said Turkey will always be by the side of India in full solidarity while battling terrorism. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-M3e3RjrpE
Restaurant kitchens must undergo regular inspections, and in many cities they are given an A, B or C, with the C being the worst. But if a food safety expert inspected your kitchen, would it pass the test? Inside Edition's Chief Investigative Correspondent Lisa Guerrero and food safety expert Donny Yoo knocked on doors to random homes in Los Angeles, and conducted surprise kitchen inspections. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqtmmkiYhMM
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 makes its domestic debut this weekend and it's projected for a $150M opening, which will push the MCU over $11 billion. Subscribe ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9bdOj-Dx9g
Cinderella's Wedding Makeup Disney Princess Cinderella Games For Kids. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAYbNEgOTfA
A day after cross allegations between Gujarat BJP MP and a woman over a honey trap case, the Delhi Police today detained the woman. The unidentified ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6N91szBtp0
MANILA - Green advocates marched to the Senate on Wednesday to call on lawmakers to confirm the appointment of Environment Secretary Gina Lopez. Subscribe to the ABS-CBN News channel! - Visit our website at Facebook: Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXCXzd3eYc0
Tokyo: If there's one theme that ties together director James Gunn's movies -- be it Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Slither or Dawn of the Dead, all of which he also wrote -- then it is the presence of strong female characters. "I think that as a human being, I am male but as a writer, I feel like a female and a male. I have just always been attracted to female protagonists as a writer, whether in Slither or Dawn of the Dead," Gunn told IANS during an interaction at a Disney press meet for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, which releases in India on Friday, here in the Japanese capital. "I just feel these are natural characters, just like male characters. And in Guardians of the Galaxy, I found this idea of (exploring the relationship between) two sisters to be something that is not utilised much in films, especially in superhero movies. They are always about brothers, or father or son... I think in the first part too, having a movie about a mother and son was a unique thing for a superhero movie. "I just like having everybody's point of view. Growing up feeling like I was an outcast, I always wanted to tell stories of people who feel like they don't have a voice," he added. Born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, Gunn has three brothers, who are also in showbiz, and a sister. His tryst with filmmaking started with an eight-millimetre camera when he was 12. Gunn started his career in Hollywood with studio Troma Films and went on to work on bigger films like writing scripts for Scooby-Doo movies and Dawn of the Dead. He was first noticed with his screenplay for Tromeo & Juliet in 1996. After writing and directing Slither in 2006 and Super in 2010, he made the right noise with superhero film franchise Guardians of the Galaxy -- which he directed and co-wrote. The second part of the film is raking in big internationally too. According to deadline.com, the film bagged $106 million in its overseas opening this past weekend. The third part has already been announced, and a Guardians of the Galaxy and Avengers crossover is also in the pipeline. Guardians of the Galaxy -- starring Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Asian actress Pom Klementieff with Vin Diesel and Bradley Cooper as voice talent -- is a story of misfits uniting together to save the galaxy. This time, in volume two, the film will focus on family ties too. Gunn asserts that he doesn't think about diversity, but definitely about "trying to get as many different types of people in a film". "I will say that one of the greatest experiences that I ever had in casting was for the role of Mantis (essayed by Klementieff). She is an Asian female in the comics and I thought that she should be Asian female in the film too." With a long and gruelling audition process for the role of Mantis, Gunn unearthed a reality of Hollywood. "It was a real testament to me that some people aren't given as many chances as other people." Talking about the Guardians of the Galaxy sequel, Gunn said: "Everybody gets their piece of pie this time and that is what made this movie so much fun to me. Because I do come naturally from a place where I like telling ensemble stories about a bunch of characters as opposed to just one."
Mohammed Shami was adjudged Man of the Match for his 2 crucial wickets. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prC_XY1T78A
Doug McKelway reports from Washington, D.C. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRZzlEkPFno
Balitanghali is the daily noontime newscast of GMA News TV anchored by Raffy Tima and Pia Arcangel. It airs Mondays to Fridays at 11:30 AM (PHL Time). For more videos from Balitanghali, visit Subscribe to the GMA News and Public Affairs channel: Visit the GMA News and Public Affairs Portal: Connect with us on: Facebook: Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq6DfCSGqAc
Wiz Khalifa might have only attended the Met Gala twice, but he’s already shaping up to be something of a pro at the Costume Institute’s annual fete. The stylish rapper invited us to join him in the last hours before the event yesterday evening, for a lesson in red carpet prep. His getting-ready routine is just unorthodox as you might expect—spoiler alert, it generally involves copious amounts of weed. Filmed by Denzel Deranmamie Sittings Editor Lynette Nylander Still haven’t subscribed to Vogue on YouTube? ►► CONNECT WITH VOGUE Web: Twitter: Facebook: Google+: Instagram: Pinterest: Tumblr: The Scene: Want even more? Subscribe to The Scene: ABOUT VOGUE Vogue is the authority on fashion news, culture trends, beauty coverage, videos, celebrity style, and fashion week updates. Wiz Khalifa Shares His Pre-Met Gala Secret | Met Gala 2017 Featuring: Wiz Khaifa Editor: Lynette Nylander https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms9cwNwV_gY
I liked a @YouTube video NEW DRUGSTORE DUPE TESTED: Too Faced Better Than Sex vs. L'Oreal Lash Paradise http://youtu.be/bYrK7LCKb_A?a
Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and briefed about the mutilation of army jawans by the Pakistan soldiers at Krishna Ghati sector in Jammu and Kashmir. Jaitley also conveyed about the present situation prevailing at the Line of Control. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FdTbFOo7jM
Kumar Vishwas has announced that he will stay in the Aam Aadmi Party, after attending a meeting of top party leaders. Sources said that the party has agreed to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Igm1Achaalc
Alberto Rosende's Instagram Live Chat (May 3, 2017) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o92q7BV3bU&feature=share
The Sachin Tendulkar Smartphone aka SRT Phone by Smartron Unboxing & Overview and first look the SRT phone is powered by SD 652 Octa Core processor it comes with 4GB RAM and 64/32 GB Internal storage has 5.5 1080p screen a 13MP rear / 5MP front facing camera it also has a fingerprint and NFC support. SRT Phone is sold in India via flipkart the 32GB is for Rs 12,999 and 64GB for Rs13,999 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-fFYIeKoio
The organisational election process within the Congress party is underway and the new party chief has to be elected by October 15. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYT-3LlSwlY
In a first of its kind, around 28 students from Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) have cracked the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE)-Main for admission to various IITs ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeFTD0ZkONM
I liked a @YouTube video 10 Weirdest & Craziest PS2 Games http://youtu.be/rpX5qnomY4o?a
Pakistan violated the ceasefire in Mankote area of Mendhar. Intermittent firing is still continuing. This is the second ceasefire violation by Pakistan in less than 48 hours. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIIpIXPEoaE
Balitanghali is the daily noontime newscast of GMA News TV anchored by Raffy Tima and Pia Arcangel. It airs Mondays to Fridays at 11:30 AM (PHL Time). For more videos from Balitanghali, visit Subscribe to the GMA News and Public Affairs channel: Visit the GMA News and Public Affairs Portal: Connect with us on: Facebook: Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYNVg8fyWcU
Kumar Vishwas reaches Delhi CM Arvnd Kejriwal's residence. AAP key meet is underway. Aam Aadmi Party leaders Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia tried ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1oUm9Sl5aQ
KKR opener Chris Lynn returns, poses threat to KXIP. Dashing KKR opening batsman Chris Lynn could be seen in action soon, according to his teammate Colin ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puHWtRg51RA
After the accusations made by founder member of Aam Admi Party (AAP), Kumar Vishwas, that some senior party leaders are conspiring against him, the party ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxBh_2PdCoE
Yuvraj Singh scored a brutal 70* but SRH's total of 185 didn't trouble the Delhi Daredevils, who ended their 5-match losing streak with a comfortable 6-wicket win. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs2jBkJ8IM0
India-based IT services firm Infosys plans to hire 10000 workers in the next two years and open four technology centers in the United States. Alicia Powell ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGiBKuKD77Y
Jared Kushner is Donald Trump's senior adviser. He is also his son-in-law. And the two have a lot in common. Both were born outside Manhattan, both eventually became major players in Manhattan real estate, and now both will govern America with no prior public-sector experience. This is how Jared Kushner went from real-estate mogul to media titan to Donald Trump's right-hand man. ---------- Like this video? Subscribe to Bloomberg on YouTube: Bloomberg is the First Word in business news, delivering breaking news & analysis, up-to-the-minute market data, features, profiles and more: Connect with us on... Twitter: Facebook: Instagram: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB8yQQBr4yA
When it comes to Met Gala, one of the biggest red-carpet event the year, the party doesn't stop there. The fashionistas give us more dose of fashion as they play ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fJsxYKEH1Q
BCCI CEO confirmed that CSK and RR will make a comeback in IPL 2017 BCCI CEO Rahul Johri seems to have confirmed that IPL franchises Chennai Super ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX4kyEPEjjo
Prem Sagar, the Border Security Force soldier who was mutilated by Pakistan, was cremated this morning at his village in Uttar Pradesh's Deoria. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Krfz0IfDKMs
In addition to a $1.5M ad buy, the Trump campaign spent $274,000 to rent space in Trump’s office building in the first three months of 2017. » Subscribe to MSNBC: About: MSNBC is the premier destination for in-depth analysis of daily headlines, insightful political commentary and informed perspectives. Reaching more than 95 million households worldwide, MSNBC offers a full schedule of live news coverage, political opinions and award-winning documentary programming -- 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Connect with MSNBC Online Visit msnbc.com: Find MSNBC on Facebook: Follow MSNBC on Twitter: Follow MSNBC on Google+: Follow MSNBC on Instagram: Follow MSNBC on Tumblr: (FULL VIDEO TITLE) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bXIsRrk2SM
More Celebrity News ▻▻ Jimmy Kimmel reveals his newborn son's health crisis in an emotional monologue on his show, and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIDK7KnVidA
Virat Kohli misses out on a place in Sunil Gavaskar Dream XI. Former India captain and legendary batsman Sunil Gavaskar has picked up his Playing XI from ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7iVodCdHr8
I liked a @YouTube video Top 5 Kart Racing Games of All Time http://youtu.be/5OGsAKV-MCs?a
Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ▻ 'Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6LWrxXAQt0
Video description: The mutilation of Indian soldiers along the Line of Control took place soon after steel magnate Sajjan Jindal met Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, reportedly with a message of peace from India. Is the Pakistan Army tying the hands Sharif against any rapprochement with India and wanting to keep the Kashmir issue on the boil? HT takes a look. Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8g8SDvWJIY
European Union's Brexit negotiator says that the upcoming negotiations over Britain's departure from the EU won't be concluded quickly and painlessly. Get the latest headlines: Subscribe: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Follow us on Google+ Telegraph.co.uk and YouTube.com/TelegraphTV are websites of The Daily Telegraph, the UK's best-selling quality daily newspaper providing news and analysis on UK and world events, business, sport, lifestyle and culture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se1_h-1E0dY
Akshay Kumar received his National Award for Best Actor from President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday. The ceremony was held in Rashtrapati Bhavan. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-sr5Vjc2rQ
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Russian President Vladimir Putin to help protect gay rights. Activists say police in the republic of Chechnya have arrested and tortured dozens of gay people in a crackdown. Mrs Merkel raised the issue during her first visit to Russia since 2015, which saw her hold talks with Mr Putin at his summer residence in Sochi. Relations between the two nations have been strained over Syria and Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bt4mP8E4hs
Stop 'Mann ki Baat' and start 'Gun ki Baat' instead to punish Pakistan over the the killing of two Indian soldiers along the Line of Control (LoC) and mutilation of their bodies, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlT_9tfuBZM
Yuvraj Singh bent down on his knees to tie shoe laces of 'junior' Rishabh Pant_D-Cricket: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/nFyEb28BOvI?a
This film deals with difficult and controversial issues around sex and sexuality. 'Hand Angels' is a small Taiwanese NGO that advocates for what it calls sexual rights for disabled people. It has volunteers who have provided sexual 'help' for a small number of disabled people. For a longer version of the story and for additional analysis, download our podcast People Fixing The World, where we look at the issue both in Taiwan and generally. A film by Alvaro Alvarez and Mukul Devichand for BBC World Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Raz-5vDpHoA
SOURCE : Times Now, Agencies London: A joint team of the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate reached London on Tuesday to hold discussions on the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dk38_z7ZrR0
India summoned Pakistan's envoy Abdul Basit today to underscore its outrage over the killing and mutilation of two soldiers at the Line of Control in Kashmir and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjyuq_45SB0
The results are in! Following a nationwide vote, April the giraffe's baby boy finally has a name: Tajiri. The Animal Adventure Park in New York announced the name following two rounds of votes. The public ultimately decided the baby's caretaker, Allysa, should make the final choice. Tajiri was really what spoke to us, she explained in a Facebook Live video, adding that the name is Swahili for both hope and confidence. InsideEdition.com's Leigh Scheps ( has more. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtgVrYXBTfE
Together (BSF and Army) there will be brainstorming and we will come out with more revised SoP, so that such incidents can be minimised, says KN Choubey BSF ADG while speaking to the media. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad4TcpbYODU
On 'The Story,' the former House speaker discusses Clinton's blame game for her election loss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwWaAd_sXCY
SOURCE : Times Now, TNN Reports As Aam Aadmi Party battled with internal crisis over speculations that senior leader Kumar Vishwas was on the verge of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZU9d9-mpX0
In the deadliest ambush by Maoists since April 2010, 26 men of the Central Reserve Police Force died and six were injured in Chhattisgarh's Sukma area this afternoon. The well-planned massacre was carried out by nearly 300 Maoists, a survivor said. The CRPF team was carrying out a sanitization exercise for a group of construction workers who were building a road in the area. Sukma is part of south Bastar, which for decades has suffered the Maoist menace. Since April 2010, nearly 200 securitymen have died in six major attacks. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oraOCCWy5cw
FC Barcelona vs Atletico Madrid 2-1 Goals and Highlights with English Commentary (UCL) 2015-16 HD: via http://youtu.be/R1ZnqyVSHUY?a
Suspected terrorists today targeted two banks in south Kashmir's Pulwama district within two hours and decamped with several lakh rupees. In the first case, four ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VsyAwxxnDg
Billy McFarland, who co-founded the Fyre Festival with rapper Ja Rule, blamed inclement weather for the event's failure and promised refunds and free tickets for next year's event. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZoQqCASRpE
Learn Colors Bad Baby Ducks Pororo Disney Superhero Peppa Pig Molds Tayo Little Bus Surprise Toys https://youtu.be/0aRw6tS6Adw
KXIP players play prank on Preity Zinta, lady boss left amused. The overseas players of KXIP played a prank on their lady boss Preity Zinta. Darren Sammy ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFFjopWT5Ig
Chief of Army Staff General Bipin Rawat has come on record saying we shall give a fitting reply to Pakistan over the way Indian soldiers were treated after being killed on the Line of Control (LoC). That is comforting but the flaw lies not in our stars but in ourselves that it is always future imperfect. If you are planning a reaction and going for broke then go for it without preamble. When politicians say these things we accept them as the usual bromides. But when professional soldiers make equivalent statements they must be rooted in hard and measurable fact. There is no argument that the forces are fiercely angry and ready for, and let's say it like it is, revenge. But we have become ineffective with prefixes like shall, will, must, should, would, ought, need to, intend softening with the passage of each hour and not being quantifiable beyond the range of rhetoric. It was reported that Pakistan protects and maintains 600 terror camps. If we know the number and where the base camps and strongholds are, a plan of action can be put in place but action has to be immediate and aggressive. By now all the statements are in. Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has called the action barbaric and unacceptable and in need of an appropriate response, followed by a deafening silence, save for sending a pack of Pakistani school children packing to Lahore. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was generic when he offered his response: "No region can validate terrorism. No intent, goal, reason or rationale can validate terrorism." Nothing new there. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal gave us a lukewarm waffle: "I strongly condemn the barbaric and inhuman mutilation of our soldiers. We must react strongly and firmly." The Congress predictably took even this solemn occasion as an excuse to mock Modi rather than offer support: "Pakistan has been attacking India with impunity. When is Modi planning to show off his '56 inch chest' to them and send them cowering?" The Shiv Sena sent a salvo of rhyming words: "Stop Mann ki baat, start Gun ki baath." It just messes about with words. Cannot see Pakistan being particularly concerned if this is all there is. It is now four days since the atrocity and the weekend looms. This situation has nothing to do with being either pro- or anti-Modi and is more a question of India's dignity. It is possible, therefore, that there is more and we dredge for some merit in Jaitley's statement that a "well thought-out" response will be made by freezing Pakistan out including breaking off diplomatic relations and reworking a foreign policy that totally refuses to acknowledge that nation's existence. If we could do that in tandem with military operations it would put Islamabad severely on the backfoot. To that end, it is a strong step to dispatch a contingent of school children across the border. Normally, we would have let it slide. After all what are 15 year olds going to do to harm us. But it is a powerful message to the other side that all their citizens are suspect and unwelcome. Even the children. That sort of snub is read there as an "uh oh, we have crossed the line this time." A few days after they begin hurting financially as Indian sanctions kick in, they will ask for a peace conference and a meeting and be all pally wally. It is a pattern. We will win this war not by firing bullets but by holding back the bottom line.
Security forces launched a massive anti-terror operation in the Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir, in the wake of a surge in terrorist-related incidents in the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUin4Cawcno
PUTRAJAYA: The Health Ministry today announced the ban on ozone therapy treatments as it could lead to severe medical complications. Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr S. Subramaniam said a health technology assessment carried out by the Malaysian Health Technology Assessment Section (MaHTAS) revealed there was no scientific evidence to support any therapeutic benefits from the therapy. "Moreover, the therapy exposes the users to risks of bleeding from the usage of heparin (blood thinning medicine), embolism (blockage of blood vessel from air bubbles), and infection from non-sterile instruments. "It could also lead to permanent disability resulting from impairment of organs such as the kidneys," he told reporters today. As such, the ministry views the practice of ozone therapy seriously, he added. He said the therapy claims to rejuvenate one's skin and beauty, whiten complexion and slow the ageing process. Dr Subramaniam also said the usage of the ozone therapy machine has also never been approved. "Under the Medical Device Act 2012, the machine is defined as a medical device which must be registered with the Medical Device Act (MDA). "Therefore, any establishment, manufacturer, importer or distributors who import or place the machines in the Malaysian market need to apply for an establishment licence and register the licence under the Act. "So far, we haven't received any applications or registrations for such machines in the country," he added. Dr Subramaniam said the therapy was similar to dialysis treatment which involves injection into a person's vein and running the blood through the machine. "Because the process falls under the ambit of medical treatment, hence, it is compulsory for the practice to fulfill every aspect of existing medical laws. Action can be taken against the providers should they fail to comply," he added. The ministry also found that the therapy was provided in various premises including clinics and beauty salons which are manned by healthcare professionals as well as unqualified personnel. "These people could be liable to a fine not exceeding RM200,000 or jail time of three years, or both," he added.
As Prince Philip steps down from public duties - The Telegraph takes a look back at some of his most famous moments. Get the latest headlines: Subscribe: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Follow us on Google+ Telegraph.co.uk and YouTube.com/TelegraphTV are websites of The Daily Telegraph, the UK's best-selling quality daily newspaper providing news and analysis on UK and world events, business, sport, lifestyle and culture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeMngOp5q7s
Telugu writer Rajani Sakuntala confesses she is a die-hard fan of Baahubali, the film, just like lakhs across the country. Being in the creative field, she along with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdbbAMvzpsc
Apple CEO Tim Cook says he remains 'very enthusiastic' about China, despite lagging sales in the massive smartphone market. » Subscribe to CNBC: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dmkVfnKFSY
New Delhi, May 03 (ANI):'Baahubali' fame Prabhas now has another reason to celebrate! The actor gets his wax figure immortalised at Madame Tussauds, ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgIiOvBfjso
Sharad Kelkar, the Hindi voice of Baahubali, reveals he used to stammer till he was 28. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYj2aDIr8Dw
A prayer meeting for late actor Vinod Khanna was held on Wednesday. Many stars from B-town came to offer their condolences to the late veteran actor's family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35CEkjGJR-8
It looks like what happens after you drink a Unicorn Frappuccino. If this isn't on the menu at your local Starbucks, you can request your barista to make it. Credits: Check out more awesome videos at BuzzFeedVideo! GET MORE BUZZFEED: BuzzFeedVideo BuzzFeed Motion Picture’s flagship channel. Sometimes funny, sometimes serious, always shareable. New videos posted daily! MUSIC Street Gypsies Licensed via Warner Chappell Production Music Inc. Rev Er Up Licensed via Warner Chappell Production Music Inc. STILLS Dragon Frappuccino Fork Meets Food Dragon Frappuccino Background with oblique parallel lines 31moonlight31/Thinkstock VIDEO Film Footage courtesy of Shutterstock, Inc. Used by Permission https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya8JRdCcZ7k
A massive anti-terror operation has been launched in Kashmir's Shopian district after a series of attacks and videos showing large groups of terrorists moving ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HF1m_LatjM
Mashable chief correspondent and editor-at-large Lance Ulanoff and FBN’s Cheryl Casone on the latest Apple corporate earnings report. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRtD0fIhijk
Prabhas is undoubtedly one of the most eligible bachelors in the country at the moment. Moreover, thanks to his rugged good looks and charm, he has created ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QhN88xK0qI
Travis Scott - Maria I'm Drunk feat. Justin Bieber & Young Thug (Audio) | ☆ Last Upload ▻ No Copyright Playlist ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRcVWESSbQA
Speed News: Delhi Daredevils to face Gujarat Lions at Feroz Shah Kotla Stadium: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/_FCVPtsf0aQ?a
Galaxy S8 and S8+ Skins: Our full Samsung Galaxy S8+ text review is here: For much more details, camera samples, and in-depth data, check it out! For the last two weeks I've been approached by at least 10 people for the same two questions that always came together. The first was: Oh, is that the new Galaxy? The second is: Well, but does it explode? This proves how much of a footprint Samsung owns in the smartphone market, where people associate the name Galaxy more to a phone than to the Milky way, and where one mistake has only made the brand even more viral. The result is record sales all across the globe, but the question is if all that marketing accounts to a smart buy for you. Watch our full review to learn more. Subscribe: About us: Pocketnow has been a key source of mobile technology news and reviews since its establishment in 2000. With offices on three continents, Pocketnow offers round-the-clock coverage of the mobile technology landscape, from smartphones to tablets to wearables. We aim to be your number-one source for mobile tech news, reviews, comparisons, and commentary. If you love mobile as much as we do, be sure to subscribe! Follow us: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0Cp6KGLt2Q
HAVE A DRINK WITH DRAK w/ CASEY ROYER of DI FRI-9PM PST - SAT- 9AM GMT komxradio dot net @vinylsolutionhb #komxradio https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xltWqecVWL0
More Celebrity News ▻▻ Selena Gomez and The Weeknd make their first red carpet appearance as a couple at the Met Gala, and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xreSbtiSlUQ
Justin Bieber's India Tour Rider Goes Viral & Lists BIZARRE Demands? via @YouTube https://youtu.be/Eipt4kAJ3j4
A few days back a picture showing Virat Kohli staring at the legs of glamorous IPL anchor Archana Vijaya had gone viral, but Virat was not even staring at her ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nObAhuoSUBE
The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), the largest ally of the Congress in Kerala, has retained the Malappuram parliament seat, winning a by-election by a big margin of 1.7 lakh votes. The BJP, which has been trying to increase its footprint in the state will be disappointed with a small fall in its vote share. The party is still a distant third behind the Left, as it was in the 2014 national election in this seat, but its vote share has come down from 7.59 per cent to 7.1 per cent. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iohP37PXOk
Ars Technica's Peter Bright gets a first look hands-on with the new Microsoft Surface laptop. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: First look at the Microsoft Surface laptop | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IMfRQ7W3Pg
Could Jimmy Kimmel's teary monologue about his newborn son Billy's emergency heart surgery be the turning point in the national health care debate? Kimmel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGb4iTxUvd4
DON 2 ENTRY SCENE OF SHAH RUKH KHAN | Reaction w/ Cassie!: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/xBIAFakLYl4?a
Experience the Stylish action teaser of Rebel Star Prabhas' #SaahoTeaser in 4K.. Hindi.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDIhmgFFbwI&list=PLe7UFT6BGA9fBjnf43fYRek0EW0Pf5PRt&index=1
Watch Arun Jaitley's Exclusive Interview On Budget 2017-2018► Subscribe To ET Now For Latest Updates On Stocks, Business, Trading | ► Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- Times Now : The NewsHour Debate : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Twitter - Facebook - G+ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAJrdUvmJsM
Swalwell: Comey's answer on Russa should be wake-up call via @YouTube https://youtu.be/o6PHq_sw1HM
Salman Khan's Tubelight Teaser Releases - In One Day Please Subscribe Our Channel ☞ Like our page ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjqhFnsrXg8
A breakdown of the key numbers from the Duke of Edinburgh's six decades of Royal service, including his whopping 5,493 speeches Get the latest headlines: Subscribe: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Follow us on Google+ Telegraph.co.uk and YouTube.com/TelegraphTV are websites of The Daily Telegraph, the UK's best-selling quality daily newspaper providing news and analysis on UK and world events, business, sport, lifestyle and culture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr3qpjqy3F4
A week after they hosted BJP chief Amit Shah at their hut in northern Bengal, a couple of daily wagers have joined Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee's party. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JTuwu95zCM
This IPL season betting is getting on trending and we request all the youth out there not to get involve in these kind of things. Sorry for late upload , we will be ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waDyTizchb4
Did the first lady like a tweet that mocked her husband? Melania Trump's Twitter account apparently liked a tweet from an awkward moment at the inauguration when she smiled at the president then appeared to scowl the moment he looked away. The tweet was sent out by pundit Andy Ostroy with the caption: The only #wall Donald Trump's built is the one between him and #melania. Forty-five minutes later, someone using the first lady's personal and verified Twitter account hit the heart button. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_yIAPZHY_I
ISIL has claimed responsibility for an attack on a NATO convoy in Afghanistan that has killed at least eight people. A suicide bomber targeted the military ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P711ns0fG5Q
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh made a shocking allegation by accusing Telangana Police of setting up a 'bogus ISIS site which is radicalising Muslim ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR5e6rcj04k
Ars Technica's Peter Bright explores Microsoft's new educational offerings - cheap laptops, new version of Intune, and Windows 10 S. Read the article: Connect with Ars Technica Magazine Online: Visit ArsTechnica.com: Follow Ars Technica on Facebook: Follow Ars Technica on Google+: Follow Ars Technica on Twitter: Microsoft Windows 10 S in education | Ars Technica Producer: Jennifer Hahn Editor: Jennifer Hahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA8F9wi7vUI
Facing criticism on slow progress in acting against those who figure in the non-performing assets of banks list, the union cabinet today cleared an ordinance ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOerUy1zX9Y
The unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile was launched from California. It's capable of traveling 8,000 miles and the US has about 450 of them. -------------------------------------------------- Follow BI Video on Twitter: Follow BI on Facebook: Read more: -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcObHIBKz9M
After a fourth grader with autism was arrested last week in the principal's office of his Florida grade school, his mother says her son didn't know what was going on when he was thrown in jail. John Benjamin Haygood, 10, was handcuffed and taken from Okeechobee Achievement Academy by two uniformed cops as his stunned mom recorded video of the entire scene on April 12. In the video, her boy kept asking his mom, Luanne, what was going on. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2ZGWg6FlW8
From the Opposition to the government's own data, one consistent criticism against the Modi government has been that it has failed to create jobs in good numbers. Exactly a year ago, government's own data showed that only 1.35 lakh jobs were created in 2015 and that was substantially lower than the 4.21 lakh jobs in 2014. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vytTTMYTY24
dance choreography by (pooja chaudhary)beauty n grace dance academy . #karnal Thanks for watching!! Please Subscribe, Share, Like, and Comment! Please ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5E0vymNpNg
iPhone 8 article on Forbes - iPhone 8, iPhone X, iPhone Edition or just iPhone? Apple's latest device is moving closer to production. This video features a 3D printed mockup based on strong speculation via various sources. The 3D drawing used for the print was provided by Benjamin Geskin - and Which feature are you most excited for in the upcoming iPhone. A new camera system, wireless charging, stainless steel construction, OLED display or the extreme screen-to-body ratio? Let me know in the comments! *Disclaimer This iPhone 8 Mock-up is strictly speculative. It is based on information provided via various sources including 3D drawing. The final iPhone 8 product will likely include variation from this mock-up. This video serves to offer insight into the potential iPhone 8 (iPhone X, iPhone Edition etc.). FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Google Plus - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua61ltayFNg
Late-night comedian Stephen Colbert is under fire again after making a joke about Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin's relationship that many are viewing as homophobic. The phrase Fire Colbert began trending on Twitter, and while it's unlikely to remove the host from his show, he's still likely wishing he'd pulled his punch line a little bit on that joke. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZA7LLR6SC5w
FBN's Blake Burman asks Press Secretary Sean Spicer's reaction to Jimmy Kimmel's emotional monologue on preexisting conditions and his newborn child, ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-M9Eh9y89M
A recent insanely expensive music festival in the Bahamas DID NOT go as planned. Ana Kasparian, Ben Mankiewicz, and Mark Thompson, hosts of The Young Turks, discuss. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. The Fyre Festival in the Bahamas, billed as a luxury event featuring big music acts and celebrity chefs, is now canceled after a chaotic false start, stranding angry visitors who shelled out thousands of dollars to attend. Due to unforeseen and extenuating circumstances, Fyre Festival has been fully postponed, the festival tweeted on Friday. After assessing the situation this morning and looking at best options for our guests, we cannot move forward as we hoped we could. At this time, we are working tirelessly to get flights scheduled and get all travelers home safely. The statement was of little solace to those who were already on the island. After promises of gourmet meals from celebrity chefs, festival-goes who arrived on Thursday were treated to sandwich bread, salad and slices of cheese, one attendee claimed on Twitter.* Read more here: Hosts: Ana Kasparian, Ben Mankiewicz, Mark ThompsonCast: Ana Kasparian, Ben Mankiewicz, Mark Thompson *** The Largest Online News Show in the World. Hosted by Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian. LIVE STREAMING weekdays 6-8pm ET. Subscribe to The Young Turks on YouTube: Like The Young Turks on Facebook: Follow The Young Turks on Twitter: Buy TYT Merch: Download audio and video of the full two hour show on-demand + the members-only post game show by becoming a member at Your membership supports the day to day operations and is vital for our continued success and growth. Young Turk (n), 1. Young progressive or insurgent member of an institution, movement, or political party. 2. A young person who rebels against authority or societal expectations.(American Heritage Dictionary) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1m2ozK4lw4
RCB is at the bottom of the points table in the IPL season 10, but that does not stop the Royal players from partying. Well, RCB were celebrating their 10 years in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4afqSZKT7EU
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) --- Today's Mystery Video - The Jelly phone claims to be the World’s smallest 4G Android Smartphone. Even though it’s tiny it still runs Android 7.0. It will launch on Kickstarter on May 2, and the early bird price will be $59. Jelly smartphone - The specs - - 1.1GHz Quad-Core - 1G Ram & 8G Rom - Android 7.0 Nougat - Dual Camera - Dual Sim-Card - 2.45'' TFT LCD Screen *Music in this video by - FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Google Plus - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8GFczQLorw
High-level meeting on Kashmir chaired by Home Ministe Rajnath Singh is over. NewsX brings to you the inside track of the high level-meet on Jammu and Kashmir chaired by HM Rajnath Singh. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vN1IULiAhk0
Baahubali 2 Craze In Bangladesh Country | Baahubali: The Conclusion is an upcoming Indian epic historical fiction film directed by S. S. Rajamouli. It is the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJJZmfc9RXM
At a village in Uttar Pradesh's Deoria, the cremation of Prem Sagar - the murdered and mutilated Border Security Force man whose daughter wanted 50 heads for his sacrifice - is yet to happen. The family wants Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath to come to the village and see the body. The villagers second the demand. The authorities say they hope that the deadlock will be resolved shortly. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auUeq1fL8cg
I liked a @YouTube video Drak teaches Larryzaur how to Monk [FFXIV] http://youtu.be/eM21b2LAk_8?a
Watch James Comey to blame for Hillary Clinton's election loss? on YouTube - https://youtu.be/fM74OVmu9GQ
Tucker to Dem Rep. Tim Ryan: Democrats think FBI Director Comey swayed the presidential election but trust him enough to conduct investigation on Russia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8DEFaK1wIc
Co-host of 'The Fox News Specialists' weighs in, discusses new Fox News show https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNpYUWiAetA
Shahrukh Khan At Vinod Khanna's Prayer Meet | BollywoodKilla Welcome to Official Youtube BollywoodKilla channel for the best videos from the world of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N39zhMlanJc
More from Entertainment Tonight: The comedian sent well wishes to her ex and his wife, Molly McNearney, at Hulu's upfronts presentation in New York City on Wednesday. She was promoting her new series, 'America, I Love You.' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUWzJDY8NtA
More from Entertainment Tonight: The actor is breaking his silence post-split in a new interview with GQ Style. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r_R042b67I
BJP's rebuttal to opposition. After Mamata Banerjee accused BJP of playing divise politics, Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has now hit out saying BJP never victimised muslims despite not getting any vote from the community. Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said, 'We got 13 CMs' of our own. We are ruling the country. Have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in industry or service? Have we dismissed them? We don't get muslim votes. I acknowledge very clearly, but have we not given them proper sanctity. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzzi0JgfjLQ
Kimmel posts a note of thanks for the outpouring and support from fans after sharing his personal story of his son's open-heart surgery. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKFgPMNUPQU
Watch Kabir Khan Reaction On Baahubali 2 | Hats Off To S.S. Rajamouli | Baahubali 2 Review Company : ViralBollywood Entertainment Private Limited Website ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PuYtWakOLY
The move comes as Facebook has been the target of intense criticism following a rash of harmful videos posted to the platform including live-streamed crimes and suicides. » Subscribe to NBC News: » Watch more NBC video: NBC News is a leading source of global news and information. Here you will find clips from NBC Nightly News, Meet The Press, and original digital videos. Subscribe to our channel for news stories, technology, politics, health, entertainment, science, business, and exclusive NBC investigations. Connect with NBC News Online! Visit NBCNews.Com: Find NBC News on Facebook: Follow NBC News on Twitter: Follow NBC News on Google+: Follow NBC News on Instagram: Follow NBC News on Pinterest: Facebook Hires 3,000 People To Review Content After Violent Videos Posted To Site | NBC Nightly News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLhqIzfUaKY
The Bombay HC upheld the life imprisonment of 11 convicts in the Bilkis Bano rape and murder case and refused the death penalty as the Central Bureau of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZsDMj7l5d0
Aamir Khan At Vinod Khanna Prayer Meet | Paying Last Respect To Veteran ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNKSjQWY9tU&feature=share
I liked a @YouTube video Are Justin Bieber & Hailee Steinfeld Dating? http://youtu.be/5moKLqQQj3M?a
COA has directed the BCCI to announce Indian Cricket team for Champions Trophy 2017 immediately. The COA directed BCCI to immediately convene a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AM3SVM32x4
After scoring an unbeaten 52-ball 71 to guide his team to a win by seven wickets, KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir on Friday donated his IPL man of the match award to the families of Sukma attack martyrs. Speaking at the post-match presentation, Gambhir said, "I am a proud Indian and I have decided to donate whatever awards I've earned to the families of the CRPF jawans martyred in Sukma. They have given the ultimate sacrifice for us. I am doing my bit towards them," On April 24, 25 CRPF officers were killed by Maoists in Chattisgarh's Sukma district. The incident sparked nation-wide outrage and Prime Minister Narendra Modi termed the attack as 'cowardly and deplorable'. Earlier, the former Indian cricket team skipper Gautam Gambhir has announced he will bear the educational expenses of the children of 25 CRPF personnel killed in an attack by Naxals in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district The left-hand opener's charitable foundation would take care of the expenses and that initial steps had already been taken in this regard. Reflecting on the tragedy, Gambhir had said he was left shaken by the massacre and "gut-wrenching" pictures that appeared on newspapers the next day. "The Gautam Gambhir Foundation will take care of the entire education expenses of the children of these martyrs. My team has already started work on this and I shall soon share the progress we have made," wrote the Kolkata Knight Riders player on a social media post.
Justice C S Karnan of the Calcutta High Court today declined to undergo a medical examination by a four-member medical team from a government hospital ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcNQuIPkCrw
Thane (Maharashtra), May 03 (ANI): The Maharashtra Police registered a case against a Mumbai Police constable after he allegedly tried to run over his car over a man in Thane. The policeman attempted to run over Atul Pethe while the latter was standing nearby an ice-cream stall. The police are trying to establish contact with the accused. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ☛ Visit our Official website: ☛ Subscribe to our Youtube Channel - Enjoy and stay connected with us!! ☛ Like us: ☛Follow us : ☛ Circle us : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4KlnL_y4nw
Mumbai (Maharashtra), May 03 (ANI): SS Rajamouli's magnum-opus 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion,' is on a record breaking spree and the film has been ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ppYGpUcZok
The BJP alleged that Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress is indulging in revenge politics in Bengal. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQuhF3kfLhk
Philippine, Indonesia to boost business through new trade route. A new shipping lane has been launched between the Philippines and Indonesia to increase trade. Indonesian President Joko Widodo travelled to Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's hometown to inaugurate the gateway. Al Jazeera's Jamela Alindogan reports from Davao City. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1vx4zdn-5M
Political differences were cast aside and Government and Opposition forces joined hands in Parliament on Tuesday to deal with the pressing issue of Kulbhushan Jadhav. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj went to the Opposition benches and thanked Congress leaders Mallikarjun Kharge and Shashi Tharoor for their support. Both Houses of Parliament are expected to adopt the resolution on Wednesday. All parliamentarians, cutting across party lines, came together in solidarity, to condemn Pakistan and ask the government to take all possible measures to secure his freedom. Earlier, reflecting the sentiments expressed in Parliament, Swaraj cautioned Pakistan and asked them to consider the consequences for "our bilateral relationship" if they proceed on this matter. "Let me state clearly that the Government and people of India would view very seriously the possibility that an innocent Indian citizen is facing the death sentence in Pakistan without due process and in violation of basic norms of law, justice and international relations," she said in a statement. This statement was read out in both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha. Calling the sentence "an act of pre-meditated murder" if carried out, Swaraj said there was "no evidence of wrongdoing" by Jadhav. In fact, she added that Jadhav was, "a victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on India to deflect international attention from Pakistan's well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism." Congress' floor leader Mallikarjun Kharge had earlier attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not taking up the Jadhav issue with Pakistan on any forum. Kharge also cautioned the government that it would be considered "weak" if it failed to save Jadhav. Meanwhile, while raising the issue in the Rajya Sabha other leaders voiced their shock. AK Antony of the Congress said, "The entire nation is shocked and agitated about this matter. You must convey to Pakistan, in strong words, that if they proceed with this, there would be serious repercussions and ultimately, Pakistan will have to repent." Other Congress leaders too echoed Antony's sentiments and senior Ghulam Nabi Azad appealed to the government to save Jadhav by getting the best lawyers to fight his case in Pakistan's Supreme Court. To this, Swaraj said, "Getting big lawyers is a small thing to save this son of India, we will go up to the President." Home Minister Rajnath Singh also rebuked Pakistan for kidnapping Jadhav from Iran and assured the House that the government was doing everything possible to get him justice.
A team of CBI officers is in London to expedite the extradition process of Vijay Mallya. The team, led by CBI Additional Director Rakesh Asthana, would hold talks with the British prosecutors. For more stories Connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ue2vaGR-xw
Priyanka Chopra pulled out quite the statement-making look for her first ever Met Gala—a custom Ralph Lauren trenchdress with a mile-long train. Here, the actress (with her puppy Diana) breaks down why she likes the all-American designer and explains what it’s like to wear such a dramatic dress. Still haven’t subscribed to Vogue on YouTube? ►► CONNECT WITH VOGUE Web: Twitter: Facebook: Google+: Instagram: Pinterest: Tumblr: The Scene: Want even more? Subscribe to The Scene: ABOUT VOGUE Vogue is the authority on fashion news, culture trends, beauty coverage, videos, celebrity style, and fashion week updates. Priyanka Chopra Pulls an Angelina Jolie Fashion Moment at Her First Met Gala | Met Gala 2017 Featuring: Priyanka Chopra https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Rz-bttm5sE
Paki news media worried coz india not hearing any country over kashmir issue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGmkMu0Z92s
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput made his 'Raabta' co-star Kriti Sanon taste the flavours of Amritsar by taking her to various hot spots of the city. The two, who were ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekZ-F4wedjo
For Prince Philip's 90th birthday Ian Woods visited the island of Tanna, where the Prince is worshipped as a god https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp4PbU_QQdU
Digvijaya Singh clarifies after case filed against him for making defamatory tweets. Case filed against Digvijaya Singh for making defamatory tweets against ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0j7ARHrhSQ
Lalu Yadav hunts for a Mahagathbandhan to stop PM Narendra Modi. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri8lx4SRgis
Coach Daniel Vettori and Stuart Binny discuss team morale ahead of the VIVO IPL 10 curtain-raiser in Hyderabad. Watch the entire video! #PlayBold. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQ5pa-SDfzo
@ArvindKejriwal must watch this video. Well edited😂😂 #Siribaat https://youtu.be/VtoEJ6VU9M8
All eyes will be on Deepika Padukone as she walks down the red carpet at the 70th Cannes Film Festival on May 17. At a press conference on Friday afternoon, ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Gh1p-k4E9k
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► India launched satellite for South Asian countries from Andhra Pradesh's Sriharikota. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2FQMYxtN28
A target of 209 is extremely difficult to chase, right? Not if you were Rishabh Pant & Sanju Samson yesterday. Relive their amazing partnership and the heartwarming gesture by Suresh Raina & Co. when Pant departed just 3 short of a deserving ton. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZyN7CpB0DU
After the successful launch of GSAT-9, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, 'ISRO team has led from the front in developing the South Asia Satellite as per the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBkXh1V3I6k
On Tuesday, Chris Gayle recorded his way into the history books, becoming the first man to score 10000 T20 runs. Here's why the Universe Boss is the King of T20s. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwdpxxOkOJ4
Friv4school 2017 - Masked Forces - Shooting Game 2017 #friv #friv4school #friv2017 qua @YouTube https://youtu.be/SfqgrQVM3Sc
Finally!! Here is the new trailer for #ChristopherNolan's #Dunkirk Looks fantastic! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7O7BtBnsG4
The Supreme Court on Friday confirmed the death sentence for four accused in the gang-rape and murder of a medical student on a bus in Delhi on December ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOMlIc0-TqI
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► The Supreme Court upheld the death penalty for the four convicts in the 2012 Nirbhaya gang-rape and murder. The top court was hearing an appeal filed by the four convicts - Akshay, Pawan, Vinay Sharma and Mukesh - who challenged the Delhi High Court's March 2014 confirmation of the death sentence handed to them by a trial court in 2013. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lis6PhxmgM
Amid the raucous call for retaliation for the murder and mutilation of two Indian soldiers at the Line of Control, Army chief General Bipin Rawat today provided a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjY2xdyaIGM
I Show How Much YouTube Pays Me! (SHOCKING!!): via @YouTube http://youtu.be/_-YqdUP0LAE?a
The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-F09 (GSLV-F09) on Friday successfully launched India's gift to South Asia - the Geostationary communication ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIyVQpnA5mY
Actress Kangana Ranaut, who will next be playing the role of Rani Laxmibai in historical drama titled 'Manikarnika', released the poster of the film in Varanasi on ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7O3S2nrReA
Shahrukh Khan All Set To Perform At IPL 2017 - Breaking News - Stay Tuned For More Bollywood News ☞ Check All Bollywood Latest Update on our Channel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soENbw4HW-A
The US House of Representatives has passed a healthcare bill, bringing President Trump's pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare a stride closer. The American Health Care Act (AHCA) passed with a vote to spare, after weeks of cajoling within the Republican party to muster enough support. Democrats were unanimously opposed and their House leader Nancy Pelosi called it a cowardly choice. President Trump predicted this great plan would now get Senate backing. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHqs9jR0suA
House Republicans have passed legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd5n_3LiGZ4
Rishabh Pant, Sanju Samson do not bat like me, says Rahul Dravid. DD mentor Rahul Dravid has a piece of advice for youngsters Rishbah Pant and Sanju ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toAi-ztSLGU
The Supreme Court will to pronounce its verdict today on the appeals by four accused in the December 16, 2012, Delhi gang-rape case challenging the Delhi ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1EIyMYN9RM
I liked a @YouTube video Miley Cyrus Talks Giving Up Weed, New Song Malibu & Falling In Love Again With Liam http://youtu.be/_VnM9Wfy0Ec?a
After months of infighting, compounded by a crushing electoral defeat in UP, the Samajwadi Party (SP) today split, as Shivpal Yadav announced the launch of a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVz-19iDn2E
Watch If Baahubali Made In Bollywood | Woh Will Be The Actors | Public Review | Baahubali 2 In Bollywood Company : ViralBollywood Entertainment Private ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmiUqhFbWFQ
Watch Exclusive Interviews With Leading Market Personalities ► According to reports, President Pranab Mukherjee has given his nod to the ordinance dealing with the banking sector's non-performing loans and the amendment to the Banking Act. Subscribe To ET Now For Latest Updates On Stocks, Business, Trading | ► Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- Times Now : The NewsHour Debate : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Twitter - Facebook - G+ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VPHUs7ccbg
DD thrashed Gujarat Lions GL by 7 wickets to keep their hopes alive of qualifying for the playoffs in the match number 42 of IPL 2017. Delhi's young southpaw ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71_GnWHIGlk
TEMPO.CO, Jakarta - Dozens of representatives of the Jakarta Rally participants on Friday, May 5, 2017, met Supreme Court officials to express their demands. Kapitra Ampera, a member of the legal team at the National Movement to Safeguard Indonesia Ulema Council's Edict (GNPF MUI), said that the protesters expect the panel of judges handling the trial of the blasphemy case involving Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama or Ahok will issue a fair ruling. "We're counting on the panel of judges' independence. They must not be intervened by the ruler or any individuals in any way," Kapitra said at the Supreme Court Building in Jakarta today, May 5. The GNPF MUI also called on the panel of judges to uphold the fairness principle and take facts presented in the trial into consideration when issuing a verdict for Ahok. According to Kapitra, Supre Court secretary Achmad Setyo Pudjoharsoyo guaranteed that the panel of judges would free of intervention from anyone, including himself. The Supreme Court also guaranteed that the ruling issued by the panel of judges would be based on facts presented in the trial and the justice values. According to Kapitra, there is an indication of intervention. "The Judicial Commission chairman said that the case is problematic and there's an indication of intervention," he said. However, Kapitra warned that the intervention must not recur when the panel of judges hands down the sentence for Ahok. He revealed that the GNPF will review whether the panel of judges' ruling is fair or not. Earlier, the GNPF MUI alleged that Ahok had committed a blasphemy by citing Quran's Al-Maidah verse 51. However, during a trial, the public prosecutors did not charge him with Article 156a of the Criminal Code on religious blasphemy, since they could not find an intention to commit a religious blasphemy when citing Al-Maidah. The prosecutors view that Ahok violated Article 156 and was proven to promote hatred, insult, and hostility.
Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav has offered 99 seats to Congress for upcoming assembly elections in the state. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7lAumwBq9g
The American Health Care Act squeaked through the House of Representatives Thursday with a single vote to spare, the culmination of years of promises, days of tension and hours of heated debate. As House Speaker Paul Ryan made a plea to Republicans to pass the bill, Democrats insisted the vote was rushed, short-sided and will hurt millions of Americans. Lisa Desjardins reports. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjXQ4NaNk4A
The Election Commission (EC) has called an all-party meeting on May 12 to discuss the issue of allegedly faulty and allegedly tampered-with electronic voting ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0_uw2YfVdw
Senior SP leader Shivpal Yadav has stated that he is forming a new party 'Samajwadi Secular Morcha' and the party chief would be Mulayam Singh Yadav. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KNJ7SOgW4I
LG 4K OLED W: Possibly the most glorious wall-mounted TV of all time. A look into the future of television panels. LG 4K OLED W: Videos played on the TV: Video Gear I use: ~ TV provided by LG for video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFKFnkP_sLQ
Watch Krishna Abhishek Reaction On Baahubali 2 | Very Funny Company : ViralBollywood Entertainment Private Limited Website : www.viralbollywood.com ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWeWN8IMmLY
After the death last week of actor-turned-BJP MP Vinod Khanna, the Gurdaspur seat in Punjab needs another Bollywood name to represent it in Parliament. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r4hN8aWQNY
Last-minute wrangling over the Republican healthcare bill, approved by the House on Thursday, centered largely on what's known as the MacArthur Amendment. House Speaker Paul Ryan said it "strengthens" the legislation and "protects people with preexisting conditions." It strengthens the bill only from the perspective of maintaining support from far-right lawmakers who have sworn blood oaths to undo the healthcare-reform legacy of former President Obama . And it protects people with preexisting conditions much as starving people may be welcome at a restaurant, but only if they order the most expensive dishes on the menu. "The MacArthur Amendment is a Band-Aid on a very bad plan, and it likely won't staunch the bleeding," said Dana Goldman, director of the USC Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics. I spoke with the amendment's namesake, Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.). He painted a sunnier picture. "We have to make sure the most vulnerable are protected, but we also have to bring down costs for everyone else," he told me. "I think we're doing that." This much is clear: Republican lawmakers have provided a textbook example of how not to enact major legislation. They're aiming to radically overhaul the $3-trillion U.S. healthcare system yet have shunned the input of major stakeholders such as medical organizations, hospitals and patient-advocacy groups, which are uniformly against the measure. A key focus of the GOP has been a provision of the Affordable Care Act that people with preexisting conditions not be discriminated against in any way by health insurers. Prior to Obamacare, insurers could deny coverage to such people or charge premiums beyond most people's ability to pay. The MacArthur Amendment would empower states to waive protections for those with preexisting conditions as long as they come up with some alternative way of making insurance available. The catch, however, is that the amendment would not require insurers to charge the same rates that healthy people enjoy. That's why the likes of the American Medical Assn. and AARP have warned that, under the Republican plan, sick people could face rates so high that they'd be unaffordable for any but the wealthy. Dr. James Madara, chief executive of the AMA, said in a letter to Congress last week that claims the MacArthur Amendment would protect people with preexisting conditions are "illusory." The reason he can say this is because the Republicans would rely mostly on so-called high-risk pools to provide coverage for the sick. This means such people would be grouped together for insurance purposes, which would relieve healthy people of the financial obligation of covering their needs. While that would lower premiums for the healthy -- which, along with tax cuts, appears to be the Republicans' primary goal in tackling healthcare reform -- it would cause rates to soar for those in the high-risk pool. We know that because this isn't a theoretical idea. High-risk pools have been tried in nearly three-dozen states, and in almost all cases resulted in limited access to coverage and skyrocketing costs. California's high-risk pool was the Major Risk Medical Insurance Program, which was intended only as insurance of last resort for the up to 400,000 people with preexisting conditions who, prior to Obamacare, kept having doors slammed in their face by profit-hungry insurers. The program was chronically underfunded, meaning that it eventually had to limit the number of people covered to only about 7,000 -- a small fraction of the state's uninsured. Thousands languished on the waiting list. And even when people obtained coverage in California's high-risk pool, monthly premiums would run as much as $1,000, annual coverage would be capped at $75,000 and there would be a lifetime limit of $750,000. It was, in other words, too little coverage at too high a price. The Republican bill now includes a potential $130 billion in subsidies over a decade, plus another $8 billion over five years, to fund high-risk pools. But some experts say that's nowhere near enough. The Center for American Progress estimates that, depending on the number of states involved, an additional $200 billion could be needed. Jennifer Kent, director of the California Department of Health Care Services, told me the Republicans' $138 billion might sound like a large amount until you face the actual costs of covering people with serious conditions. "We had one person, a child with hemophilia, in Medi-Cal who cost $21 million last year," she said. "We had five other people who cost over $10 million each. Put them together and that's just six people costing almost $100 million." The simple fact, Kent said, is that any risk pool comprised solely of sick people will be very, very expensive. "The problem with California's high-risk pool was that there was never enough funding," she said. "We had to close enrollment because the money ran out." This shouldn't be news to MacArthur, the Republican lawmaker. He's a former insurance executive who got rich selling his company, York Risk Services Group, for about half a billion dollars in 2010. MacArthur told me the Republicans are prepared to make "a tremendous down payment" on funding high-risk pools. "If we find that things have to be tweaked, we'll make adjustments," he said. That's a surprising commitment to flexibility considering the Republicans adamantly refused to consider even a single tweak to Obamacare. It also displays an optimism about taxpayer funds being used for the sick that doesn't seem warranted. Republicans currently say that healthy people shouldn't have to cover those with preexisting conditions through higher premiums. Yet those same healthy people will be willing to shoulder a possibly higher tax burden? MacArthur insisted that "we're not leaving people high and dry." And the Republican bill does contain responsible-sounding language that makes it seem like people with preexisting conditions have little to fear. The reality, however, is that it lays the groundwork for the sick to be ghettoized. It punishes people not for misdeeds but for medical misfortune. That's not healthcare. It's an act of cruelty. Wissam Daoud is a bomb defuser with the Iraqi Army. Berkeley may be the home of free speech but some residents are calling out extremists for using the city as a 'punching bag.' Life in the Bay Area can mean skyrocketing rents, threats of evictions . The rain has mostly stopped after one of California's wettest winters. Wissam Daoud is a bomb defuser with the Iraqi Army. Berkeley may be the home of free speech but some residents are calling out extremists for using the city as a 'punching bag.' Life in the Bay Area can mean skyrocketing rents, threats of evictions . The rain has mostly stopped after one of California's wettest winters. Why is President Trump praising autocrats, despots and dictators ? Going to LAX soon? Watch out for the airport's massive airline relocation . What's the best way to help the homeless ? Men rule the fictional world in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," but behind the scenes, women were instrumental to the show. FBI Director James Comey defends how he treated new information about Hillary Clinton's emails toward the end of the 2016 presidential election. An unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) was launched from Vandenburg Air Force base in California just seven days after the first launch. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Chicago police investigate where two officers were wounded by gunfire in the 4300 block of South Ashland Avenue in the Back of the Yards neighborhood late on May 2, 2017. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune) David Lazarus ' column runs Tuesdays and Fridays. He also can be seen daily on KTLA-TV Channel 5 and followed on Twitter @Davidlaz . Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
I liked a @YouTube video Baahubali 2 public review in Bangalore | Baahubali public talk | Prabhas | Rana | http://youtu.be/P6fDJ1x7jqw?a
Representing :- Funky Feet Dance Academy Pune (IND) Choreographer : Sheetal Bhardwaj Dancers: Sheetal ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF3DsqzyzPM
Posters for Samajwadi Secular Morcha floated by Shivpal Yadav surface in Lucknow. Fissures in Samajwadi Party. For More information on this news visit: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8-30DxX4NA
Fox News military analyst Oliver North on President Trump's meeting with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8H2ajrNI6w
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj3nwuRp7rg
SRH were seen celebrating with lots of vigour as they cut cakes and smeared it on each other. Sunrisers Hyderabad skipper, David Warner , slammed a brilliant hundred to steer his side to a dominating victory Kolkata Knight Riders. However, after the win celebrations were in order and the side from Hyderabad were seen celebrating with lots of vigour as they cut cakes and smeared it on each other. Warner himself spoke about the victory and was seen telling his players to keep performing well. His 50 from 20 balls and eventual 126 from 80 balls with 10 fours and eight sixes, was the sort of batting that a team needed to produce if they were to stop this KKR outfit. Warner played a flurry of shots including a switch-hit off the first ball to Sunil Narine to send it soaring over third man. After the 48-run win, Warner admitted that the whole attack on the bowling was planned and paid off dividends in the end. "It was great that I went out there and had a clear game plan. I just said to the guys 'commit to your shots'," he said in the post-match press conference. Meanwhile, in SRH have played five away games and lost three, won one and one was washed out in Bengaluru. They have two home games and two away games remaining to strengthen their position at the top of table
Over 150 students from a government school in south Delhi were hospitalised after a gas leak from a container nearby was reported this morning. All the students from the school have been evacuated after the incident. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6WkC-YI2_k
India's GSAT-9, the South Asia Communication Satellite that will boost connectivity among nations in the region, will be launched at 4.57pm on Friday. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG5Uz_FZRu8
Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) chief minister Mehbooba Mufti on the unrest in the Valley says, only Prime Minister Narendra Modi can take J&K out of this muck. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g9nrvwdNiI
Progressive groups say they've seen a massive spike in donations to help unseat vulnerable Republicans since the House voted to pass the AHCA and repeal Obamacare. David Mir and Ezra Levin join Ari Melber to discuss 2018 momentum. » Subscribe to MSNBC: About: MSNBC is the premier destination for in-depth analysis of daily headlines, insightful political commentary and informed perspectives. Reaching more than 95 million households worldwide, MSNBC offers a full schedule of live news coverage, political opinions and award-winning documentary programming -- 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Connect with MSNBC Online Visit msnbc.com: Find MSNBC on Facebook: Follow MSNBC on Twitter: Follow MSNBC on Google+: Follow MSNBC on Instagram: Follow MSNBC on Tumblr: President Donald Trump Resistance Sees Record Fundraising After AHCA Vote | The Last Word | MSNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sV5lZwr8cwk
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister (CM) Yogi Adityanath on Saturday took to the streets of Lucknow to clean the litter himself. The Chief Minister held a broom in his hands and cleaned the streets of Balu Adda Malin Basti along with some of his cabinet ministers. The cleanliness activity was part of an initiative led by the city’s municipal corporation. Several leaders so far have participated in such drives which are an attempt to fulfill Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s campaign ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.’ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F6CKgcijLk
Despacito - Luis Fonsi, Daddy Yankee, Justin Bieber, Continuum Cover. Subscribe here: Click here for our previous video: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZJjj6qKLes
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has banned ministers and officials from using beacons or lal batti on their cars, say sources. From May 1, no official or minister can use lal battis, which have come to symbolize VIP arrogance that causes inconvenience to people. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YBiQXOZe8Y
The South Asia Satellite was launched on Friday by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) F-09, carrying the communication and broadcasting satellite, took off from the second launch pad of the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikotta at 4.57 pm. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his recent radio address to the nation ‘Mann Ki Baat’ had said the South Asia Satellite is India’s gift to the region, and that it will go a long way in addressing the economic and development priorities of the nations in the region.Sriharikotta, Satish Dhawan Space Centre, ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMbmy-s6Fx0
IPL 10: Virat Kohli should look himself in mirror, slams Sunil Gavaskar. Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar has criticised the approach of RCB batsmen including captain Virat Kohli against KXIP. RCB's batting unit failed yet again as they could not chase down 139 against KXIP. Gavaskar said Kohli needed to look himself in the mirror for the shot he tried and got bowled against paceman Sandeep Sharma.He said, The first thing he should be doing is look at himself in the mirror. The shot he played wasn't exactly a great shot. So he has got to say to himself. He is the captain. He has got to stay there at the crease. He is not in form so stay there and work yourself with proper cricketing shots. Then widen the scope of your shots, he added. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71FM0DCRlA8
I liked a @YouTube video UP CM, Yogi Adityanath leads Swacchta Abhiyaan in Uttar Pradesh http://youtu.be/NIMsU2kTEjU?a
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► SC issued notices to Maharashtra Govt; NIA on the bail plea of Colonel Shrikant Purohit, seeking reply within 4 weeks. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxFsGvTWFKA
An alarming phishing scam began spreading around the internet Wednesday in an attempt to access Google accounts through an email embedded with a fake Google Docs file. Subscribe to TIME ►► Get closer to the world of entertainment and celebrity news as TIME gives you access and insight on the people who make what you watch, read and share. Money helps you learn how to spend and invest your money. Find advice and guidance you can count on from how to negotiate, how to save and everything in between. Find out more about the latest developments in science and technology as TIME’s access brings you to the ideas and people changing our world. Let TIME show you everything you need to know about drones, autonomous cars, smart devices and the latest inventions which are shaping industries and our way of living Stay up to date on breaking news from around the world through TIME’s trusted reporting, insight and access CONNECT WITH TIME Web: Twitter: Facebook: Google+: Instagram: Magazine: Newsletter: time.com/newsletter ABOUT TIME TIME brings unparalleled insight, access and authority to the news. A 24/7 news publication with nearly a century of experience, TIME’s coverage shapes how we understand our world. Subscribe for daily news, interviews, science, technology, politics, health, entertainment, and business updates, as well as exclusive videos from TIME’s Person of the Year, TIME 100 and more created by TIME’s acclaimed writers, producers and editors. Everything You Need To Know About The Google Docs Email Phishing Scam | TIME https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBAV18KKGuY
I liked a @YouTube video DESPACITO - Luis Fonsi ft. Justin Bieber & Daddy Yankee http://youtu.be/yyM9ZA33IJI?a
Jimmy Kimmel’s emotional monologue went viral, and conservatives stooped to a new low attacking him. Hosted by Hasan Piker. See more TYT Facebook originals at Follow Hasan on Twitter: Follow Hasan on Instagram: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiBaqzFUjUU
Yoga guru-turned-tycoon Baba Ramdev on Thursday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the brand ambassador of India and not his FMCG empire Patanjali. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vS-DHWc9Gok
KXIP pacer Sandeep Sharma is the only bowler in history of IPL to dismiss Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers in the same match. Sandeep Sharma finished his spell of four overs on the trot and returned with the figures of 3/22. He bowled '15' dot balls off 24 deliveries he bowled. Punjab were defending a modest total and Sandeep's opening fire to remove Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers set the tone for them for a convincing victory. He said, It is making me feel great. It's a dream come true for me, getting those key wickets. I'm very happy. I have been talking to my coaches especially Viru who told me to swing the ball both-ways and pitch it up. Any batsman will find it difficult to tackle swing. I hold a good record against them. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jY2RSN_9fic
Virat Kohli almost cries while Preity Zinta celebrates win. KXIP co owner Preity Zinta was seen enjoying her team's brilliant performance against the Virat Kohli led RCB in the IPL match number 43. On one hand, Virat kohli who was almost on the verge of dropping tears from his eyes in the last over, and was clearly very disappointed whereas on the other hand Preity zinta was seen celebrating the last winning moments of her team. KXIP pacer Sandeep Sharma dismissed the Big 3 of RCB ( Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli and A.B. de Villiers) and helped his team win against RCB by 19 runs. Axar Patel, Mohit Sharma and Glenn Maxwell further strangled RCB to leave them gasping. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSuxGQY2rq0
Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA) explains how the comedian’s emotional monologue is helping him craft a new health care bill in the Senate. » Subscribe to MSNBC: About: MSNBC is the premier destination for in-depth analysis of daily headlines, insightful political commentary and informed perspectives. Reaching more than 95 million households worldwide, MSNBC offers a full schedule of live news coverage, political opinions and award-winning documentary programming -- 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Connect with MSNBC Online Visit msnbc.com: Find MSNBC on Facebook: Follow MSNBC on Twitter: Follow MSNBC on Google+: Follow MSNBC on Instagram: Follow MSNBC on Tumblr: ‘Jimmy Kimmel Test’ Helps Senator Craft New Health Care Bill In Seante | For The Record | MSNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEzPObt6S-o
Rep. Raul Labrador Exposes The Stunning Fact About The GOP ,Healthcare Plan That The Media Wants Hidden Check The Source Here: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MC1KbhpED-g
Aamir Khan ,SRK, Amitabh Bachchan At Vinod Khanna Prayer Meet Welcome to Official Youtube BollywoodKilla channel for the best videos from the world of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQ2rj-lUCG4
The first couple hosted guest of honor Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in Manhattan Thursday night as Donald Trump returned to New York City for the first time since his inauguration. The event featured many high-profile faces like John Travolta, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and golf legend Greg Norman. The event marked the 75th anniversary of the battle of the Coral Sea in World War II, in which U.S. and Australian forces fought side-by-side against Japan in the Pacific. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOBD-yE3upw
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► J&K: The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Friday released posters of wanted Lasjhkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorists involved in recent attacks in the disputed Valley region. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9F9JE6NXVI
TEMPO.CO, Jakarta - Non-oil and gas industries posted 4.71 percent growth in the first quarter of 2017. The growth is higher compared to that of the same period in 2016 which was 4.51 percent and to that of the overall year of 2016 at 4.42 percent. "We try to keep this rising momentum, in which previously production of manufacture industry grew and currently Gross Domestic Product (GDP) also shows a positive development. We expect industrial growth in the next quarter will be even better," Industry Minister Airlangga Hartarto said in Jakarta on Friday, May 5. Based on data from Central Statistics Agency (BPS), industrial sectors that show significant growth in the first quarter of 2017 are pharmaceutical industry and traditional medicine as much as 8.34 percent, food and beverage industry as much as 8.15 percent, rubber, rubber based and plastic based products as much as 7.52 percent, and leather, leather products and footwear as much as 7.41 percent. The next biggest contributor to national economic growth is non-oil and gas processing industry compared to other sectors. BPS recorded that non-oil and gas industry contributed 18.08 percent in the first quarter of 2017. Meanwhile, coal and oil and gas mining industry contributed 2.39 percent, which makes the total contribution of oil and gas, as well as non-oil and gas, processing industry to the total GDP in the first quarter of 2017 to reach 20.48 percent.
VIRGIN TERRITORY “Brave exploration of our hypersexualised world” The Guardian www.virginterritory.org VDT's VIRGIN TERRITORY DIGITAL ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIjwmDo2SZQ
Former Delhi minister Kapil Mishra has alleged that he witnessed CM and AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal accept Rs 2 crore in cash as a bribe. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haanKFoMoMc
A driver who paralysed his passenger in a car crash while "showing off" and then took selfies with him as he lay bloodied in the wreckage has been jailed. Tom Johnson, 21, decided to take his 27-year-old passenger along a known bumpy road in Cambridgeshire and to film the journey on his phone, but lost control of his white Toyota Yaris and hit a tree at about 61mph. Afterwards, Johnson used his phone to "take selfies of himself and his passenger, who was trapped and covered in blood", Cambridgeshire Police said. His passenger was left paralysed from the chest down and requires round-the-clock care. Johnson, of Lophams Close, Haverhill, was sentenced to 18 months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday, police said. The pair had left a pub in Upware on April 23 last year and Johnson drove them along Great Drove on the way back to Haverhill. The court heard how Johnson decided to record the journey back from a pub in an attempt to "show off" and share it with his friends. PC Leigh Fenton said: "Johnson chose to take that road for the excitement and thrill and in an attempt to show off to his friends. "The speeds set on any road are an absolute maximum and as a driver, the onus is on you to drive at a speed which is safe for the road and the conditions. "Johnson's passenger now lives with first-hand proof of how a vehicle can turn into a lethal weapon when in in the wrong hands." Johnson was also disqualified from driving for three years and will undergo an extended re-test.
WHATS ON MY IPHONE?!! 📱💯 Girl Crushes, Ugly Selfies & MORE: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/cXRn-9wNbkA?a
He confronted him then flew into a rage when his dad told him he had forgot to add fish sauce - a staple ingredient in Thai cooking - to the pot. Sakdin grabbed the empty bottle and hit him over the head before slapping his mother Pa, 66, when she tried to step in to help. She ran for help while her son picked up a kitchen knife and repeatedly stabbed his father in a frenzied attack on Thursday morning. Police arrived and found the son covered in blood calmly laying in a HAMMOCK at the front of the single-storey home. Officers yesterday took the handcuffed son to the scene to re-enact the crime - and make him kneel down and apologise to his father's corpse.
Only PM Narendra Modi can solve Kashmir issue says Jammu and Kashmir CM Mehbooba Mufti. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKC4LfjE9YE
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Tayo the Little Bus Finger Family Song Nursery Rhymes Video for Kids http://youtu.be/X1Kq6qzg8JM?a
Why take a selfie on the ground when you can now take it in the air? For more, visit airselfiecamera.com Subscribe to Redbook REDBOOK is your personal shopper, stylist, and friend. You'll find amazing deals for your closet, your home, and your life; the smartest beauty buys; step-by-step hair and makeup how-tos; and recipes that make healthy eating delicious. REDBOOK is all about making your life fun, fabulous, and affordable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAVDGgVb1ZU
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Let Me Love You Lyrics Justin Bieber http://youtu.be/LtxGHZa83sU?a
Don't forget to Subscribe to my YouTube Channel!: -[Stuff to check out]- Buy T-shirts & more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgzeFCfUAQQ
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist TOP SELFIES MOR TLES MÁS SE XYS NOM http://youtu.be/JCD_Jg9W3Lc?a
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Property Brothers Stopped in for Selfies at Furniture Market in http://youtu.be/U4v99HEqUh8?a
At the Met Gala 2017 Kendall and Kylie Jenner shared the red carpet with Tom Brady, Gisele, the Hadid sisters, and so many more A-listers on Monday night. SUBSCRIBE to ABC NEWS: Watch More on LIKE ABC News on FACEBOOK FOLLOW ABC News on TWITTER: GOOD MORNING AMERICA'S HOMEPAGE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeAY-dTrO-o
Subscribe to France 24 now: FRANCE 24 live news stream: all the latest news 24/7 Final hours of campaigning for the second round of France's presidential election, and right until the bitter end, it's been divisive, aggressive, and unpredictable. Our panel of international journalists give us their take on a long a bitter race, share their prognostics for Sunday’s vote, and their most memorable moments on the campaign trail. Click here for the full World This Week: www.france24.com/en/20170505-twtw-france-campaign-macron-marine-part-one Visit our website: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7DnRsNYz60
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist Enugu based Mortuary Attendant Shares Selfies Taken with Corpses in a http://youtu.be/Rw5Mmr2Ac0s?a
Why I think Bahubali 2 will change the way bollywood makes movies! Donate to Mensutra: Patreon: patreon.com/mensutra Paypal: paypal.me/mensutra Paytm: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI9jsawQMCY
Watch Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahungi Unplugged | Shraddha Kapoor | Half Girlfriend Company : ViralBollywood Entertainment Private Limited Website ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKQ0B_qo_N0
Audience Suggestion Box: FaceApp Selfies, Tarik's Margarita Maker #TalkShow https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sbCJixjwQU&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
Students at American University have been targeted with racist messages. Brett Erlich, Hannah Cranston, and Kim Horcher, the hosts of The Young Turks, break it down. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. “Students and officials at American University continued to respond this week to a racially charged incident on the college’s campus in which bananas were found hanging from strings “in the shape of nooses,” according to the school. “I regret this happened, apologize to everyone offended, and state emphatically that this incident does not reflect what American University truly is,” AU President Neil Kerwin said in a memo sent Monday evening. Kerwin called the incident a “cowardly, despicable act.” “Know that American University remains committed to principles of diversity, inclusion, common courtesy, and human dignity, and acts of bigotry only strengthen our resolve,” the memo stated. “Anyone who does not feel similarly does not belong here.” Read more here: Hosts: Brett Erlich, Hannah Cranston, Kim Horcher Cast: Brett Erlich, Hannah Cranston, Kim Horcher *** The Largest Online News Show in the World. Hosted by Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian. LIVE STREAMING weekdays 6-8pm ET. Subscribe to The Young Turks on YouTube: Like The Young Turks on Facebook: Follow The Young Turks on Twitter: Buy TYT Merch: Download audio and video of the full two hour show on-demand + the members-only post game show by becoming a member at Your membership supports the day to day operations and is vital for our continued success and growth. Young Turk (n), 1. Young progressive or insurgent member of an institution, movement, or political party. 2. A young person who rebels against authority or societal expectations.(American Heritage Dictionary) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoY52uvo6ho
Sunil Narine became the fastest player to score a fifty in an IPL game of just 15 balls. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t80j-3c3RpY
Stop taking selfies at Boiler Room - this is brilliant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFdkSG0bHuQ
Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has been asked by the Home Ministry to explain its funding from foreign sources. The queries follow suspicions that the party may have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act that is administered by the Home Ministry. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omKUqVuoKU4
Birthday Special: 10 Instaposts That Prove Anushka Sharma is the Queen of #Selfies Please Subscribe , Like and Share Bollywood Trendz ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wg4olml4dgY
New video by GMA News: BP: UN Special Rapporteur Agnes Callamard, nasa bansa para sa isang forum extraperaneur… https://youtu.be/ss1h_Rc24cI
Nail art, nail printer, print your selfies on your nails, burj al Arab https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abg8-nnZPHI
Baby Learn Colors with Talking Pocoyo Learn Count Colours Education Cartoons Videos Games For Kids ▻Subscribe For More : ▻Click ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QDn3hUR5Xc
I liked a @YouTube video YOU NEED TO WATCH THIS http://youtu.be/QMClfRv1OiU?a
HOW PEOPLE TOOK SELFIES BEFORE CELLPHONES WERE INVENTED: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/Bk6aL6MUo1Y?a
U.S.A. Channel: International Channel: JABY KOAY'S SHORT FILMS PLAYLIST: ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndao77-ayp4
How many songs will be heard in Sandara Park's One Step movie: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/ZBHzyV95V7s?a
I liked a @YouTube video SANDARA PARK Talks About Her Korean Film One Step! http://youtu.be/6W4NHzv8cqM?a
EMORY, TEXAS — A cuckolded man in Emory, Texas is receiving mad props from the internet for handling a moment of heartbreak with great poise, and an ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPMZWzfyCok
North Korea has detained a US citizen on suspicion of hostile acts against the regime, the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported Sunday. CNN's Ivan Watson reports. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toalRiK83bY
Officals say 82 Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped three years ago by Boko Haram have been released after negotiations with the Nigerian government. CNN's Isha Sesay has more. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t29QasF5uCY
Islamist militants of the Boko Haram group have released 82 schoolgirls from a group of 276 they abducted in north-eastern Nigeria three years ago, the president's office says. They were handed over in exchange for Boko Haram suspects after negotiations. The girls will be received by President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Sunday, a statement said. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fVkhG_EdQo
On 'Hannity,' Fox News contributor says Republicans are cowering over a government shutdown https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SwGT6NjNhw
IPL 10: SRH vs MI PREVIEW, Match 48. Defending champions SRH will be desperate to win their final home match against MI in order to seal their play-offs berth of the ongoing IPL season 10. Hyderabad have 13 points from 12 matches and are fourth in the points table. One more win will likely take them through to the play-offs and due to their superb home record, they will be eager to bag two points. Out of the six matches at home, the David Warner-led side has won five, while winning only once in away matches. Hence, before travelling to Kanpur to face Gujarat they will like to win at home. Mumbai bowlers hunt as a team and the experience and variety they possess must be a captain's dream. While pacers Mitchell McClenaghan, Lasith Malinga and Jasprit Bumrah, Harbhajan Singh all have the calibre to do well at any given day. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB2hqxHzTxU
Seeking to allay India's concerns, China has offered to rename the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) which passes through PoK, insisting it was an economic cooperation and connectivity enhancement project devoid of "sovereignty issues". It also strongly pushed for New Delhi's participation in the 'One Belt One Road' project. Chinese ambassador to New Delhi Luo Zhaohui, while referring to frosty Indo-Pakistan ties, said China was willing to mediate to resolve the differences between the two countries if it was acceptable to both sides. Referring to the CPEC, which is part of OBOR, he said China has no intention to get involved in the sovereignty and territorial disputes between India and Pakistan and that the project is for promoting economic cooperation and connectivity in the region. "It has no connections to or impact on sovereignty issues. Even we can think about renaming the CPEC. China and India have had successful experience of delinking sovereignty disputes from bilateral relations before," he said in closed-door address to a think-tank on Friday. India has been severely critical of the CPEC, saying the project violates its sovereignty as it runs through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. Luo said China is sincere in its intention to cooperate with India on the OBOR as it is "good for both of us." Maintaining that China and India could be natural partners in connectivity and the OBOR, the Chinese ambassador said Indian economy was behind China by at least 13 years, suggesting New Delhi should grab economic opportunities offered by Beijing. "Now the GDP of India is roughly that of China in 2004, some 13 years ago. China leads India by 13 years mainly because we started reform and opening up 13 years earlier," he said. Referring to the view in India that China always puts Pakistan first when handling its relations with South Asian countries, he said the government always follows "China first" policy and that problems are dealt on merit. "I want to tell you this is not true. Simply put, we always put China first and we deal with problems based on their own merits. Take Kashmir issue for example, we supported the relevant UN resolutions before 1990s. Then we supported a settlement through bilateral negotiation in line with the Simla Agreement. This is an example of China taking care of India's concern," he said. On India's bid for the membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), he said, "We do not oppose any country's membership, believing that a standard for admission should be agreed upon first." The envoy also proposed a four-point initiative to improve ties between India and China which includes aligning its 'OBOR' project with India's 'Act East Policy', and restarting negotiations on a free trade pact. The proposal put forward by Luo includes starting negotiations on a 'China-India Treaty of Good Neighbourliness and Friendly Cooperation' and prioritising finding an early solution to the border dispute between the two countries. "Firstly, start negotiation on a China-India Treaty of Good Neighbourliness and Friendly Cooperation. Secondly, restart negotiation of China-India Free Trade Agreement. Thirdly, strive for an early harvest on the border issue. Fourthly, actively explore the feasibility of aligning China's 'One Belt One Road Initiative' (OBOR) and India's 'Act East Policy'," he said. He said good ties between India and China were conducive to regional stability. The development of China, India, Pakistan and the stability of the whole region call for a stable and friendly environment, he said. "Otherwise, how could we open up and develop? That's why we say we are willing to mediate when India and Pakistan have problems. But the precondition is that both India and Pakistan accept it. We do this only out of goodwill. We do hope that there is no problem at all," Luo said. "When the Mumbai terrorist Attack on November 26, 2008, took place, I was Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan, and I did a lot of mediation at that time," he said. On trade ties between the two countries, Luo said he was happy to see that China had contributed its share to India's development. "Today, China is the second largest economy in the world, with a GDP of 11 trillion US dollars. China's development also benefited from India's participation," he said.
Kapil Mishra, who was sacked as Delhi's Water Minister by the AAP government, made a shocking revelation on Sunday, claiming he saw Health Minister Satyendar Jain handing Rs. 2 crore in cash to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Speaking to NDTV, he said he will give the evidence to CBI on Monday. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk0-7FjoMeM
Sachin Tendulkar Smartphone aka SRT Phone Gaming Review with popular games like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 5 and Mortal Kombat X and I also check the temp after playing these games is the SRT Phone too hot to handle find out in this gaming review. SRT Phone Unboxing & Overview https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJ7syba5vRU
Judwaa 2 is an upcoming Indian Hindi action-comedy film directed by David Dhawan, starring Varun Dhawan in a double role as estranged twins opposite ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3W_GDyeeuIk
Many students who had appeared for NEET complained of being subjected to humiliation, all in the name of fair exams at various centres. A teenager alleged that she was forced to remove her underclothes after a metal detector beeped as she passed through it in an exam center in Kannur while another was forced to change out of her jeans. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJSq7AurTVw
프랑스 대선 마크롱 승리 반응 Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election came as a relief to many leaders in the European Union... who had feared another populist upheaval to follow Brexit. The president-elect's next task is to gain majority in the nation's June parliamentary election. Cho sung-min has the latest. Emmanuel Macron's first formal public event following his victory was a joint appearance Monday morning with current French President Francois Hollande for a ceremony in Paris to commemorate France's victory in the Second World War. The president-elect was formerly employed by Hollande, who chose not to seek a second term due to his extreme unpopularity. Macron's victory was followed by congratulatory messages from leaders around the world. U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted his... while Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia is ready to work with France on bilateral and global issues. Macron also held talks over the phone with British Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. After all the votes were counted, Macron had won 66 percent while his far-right rival Marine Le Pen won 34 percent. Macron becomes the youngest French leader since Napoleon, and he pledged in his victory speech to unite a divided and fractured France. Macron's inauguration is set for Sunday, May 14th,... and his first task will be to help his allies in parliament win majority in the general election set for June 11th and 18th, to implement his pro-EU policies. Cho Sung-min, arirang news Visit ‘Arirang News’ Official Pages Facebook(NEWS): Homepage: Facebook: Twitter: Instagram: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCoF-pv8BKI
Rajkumar Hirani said it was unfortunate that Ranbir Kapoor's look from Sanjay Dutt's biopic was leaked but the filmmaker is happy with the way the movie is shaping up. Hirani is currently busy filming the biopic on Dutt, which features Ranbir in the role of the 'Khalnayak' actor. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlCvwBbOvm4
San Antonio Spurs vs Houston Rockets - Full Game Highlights | Game 4 | May 7, 2017 | NBA Playoffs - Like & Share if you like this video! If you dislike, please ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtNlYtfcQAM
Abbtakk delivers the latest headlines news and information on the latest top stories from Pakistan and around the world on weather, business, entertainment, ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx72wJDJk4c
AAP MLA Kapil Mishra, the recently-sacked water minister of Delhi, alleged he had seen state health minister Jain give Rs2 crore of illegal cash to Arvind Kejriwal Subscribe Now For Latest Updates- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxO9wj0ld2E
Four years ago, on a cold, overcast morning in a leafy corner of Cardiff, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma walked out as a pair for the first time to face South Africa's bowlers in the Champions Trophy. Dhawan was beginning afresh in limited overs, having made a brief appearance in Team India's colours two years previously. Rohit, meanwhile, was six years into his stop-start, largely underachieving international career, where he had mostly batted in the middle and lower-middle order. India's opening, post- Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir , was in a state of flux. The rest, as the saying goes, is history -- and its final chapter hasn't been written yet. For, the openers will return to England next month as India hopes to retain the Champions Trophy that they had won in 2013 on the back of some superlative top-order performances. While Rohit's selection wasn't in doubt post his recovery from a thigh injury, Dhawan's career hung in the balance given his indifferent form across formats over the last one year. He was dropped from the Test and T20 teams, and was benched in the third and final ODIs against England earlier this year. However, a shoulder injury to KL Rahul and a consistent performance with bat for the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the ongoing IPL brought Dhawan right back into the mix. "As of now, we have picked Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma as openers and Ajinkya Rahane is the back-up opener," chief selector MSK Prasad told media after the meeting. Dhawan's spot in the squad could have come under threat from the fellow left-hander from Delhi Rishabh Pant, who has opened for India at the under-19 level. The explosive young batsman has had a breakout season, and his whirlwind 97 off 43 balls against Gujarat Lions recently bolstered his case. However, Prasad, while heaping praise on the 19-year-old, cited "squad combination" as the reason why Pant was not picked. "We are completely impressed by how Rishabh Pant is playing. It's just combination because of which he missed out. He is one cricketer we are looking at for our future. He is definitely a solution for our future. There is no need to worry as he has a long career ahead of him. We will groom him and back him. We will ensure that he is successful in future," the chairman explained. Another reason why Pant has missed out is the conditions in England, which are different from those where the 19-year-old has scored his runs. "We respect IPL but in the longer format, we have to also consider the English conditions that we are playing in. Not just the IPL, but one needs to take into account the performance of last one year also in such a big tournament," said Prasad. A fine glovesman, Pant could also have provided back-up to Mahendra Singh Dhoni , whose batting form is missing the old zing. When asked about the former captain, Prasad didn't deny Dhoni's recent struggle for runs, but suggested that he can walk into the team purely on his wicketkeeping skills. "Not many people realise that in the last 10-12 years, Dhoni has never had a bad day with the gloves. We always treat him as a batsman, but the phenomenal stuff he does behind the wickets, not many people appreciate that. According to me, he is still the best wicketkeeper in world cricket...He is an invaluable asset to the team and his inputs in crunch situations, he has got one of the best brains. He is the best person to guide Virat," Prasad said. Aside of Pant, another young player whose name was debated by the three-man committee was the young chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav. However, with R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja in the team, and Yuvraj Singh and Kedar Jadhav providing part-time spin options, the selectors decided against choosing a third spinner and opted for an extra batsman. "We definitely considered the name of Kuldeep. He would have been a surprise package, but whether we would have played with two spinners is a question. Since Yuvraj (Singh) and Kedar (Jadhav) can bowl spin, he narrowly missed out," said Prasad. However, Pant and Yadav, alongside pacer Shardul Thakur, wicketkeeper-batsman Dinesh Karthik and Suresh Raina have been put on standby in the event last-minute replacement requirements. Overall, the selection committee opted for the tried and tested players. In fact, even 'tired and tested' wouldn't be too far off the mark, given the workload some of the players -- like Virat Kohli , Umesh Yadav , R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja -- have shouldered over the last six months. Ashwin, recuperating from a sports hernia, skipped the IPL entirely, others also sat out a few games for tend to the injuries they had picked up during the long home season. Just how much their minds and bodies have recovered remains to be seen. If their performances in the ongoing IPL are any indicator, Kohli and Jadeja appear jaded. Prasad, however, insisted that they both have been duly rested. "Virat didn't play the last Test and also the first few matches in IPL. The more he plays, it is better for him. We have also given Jadeja a break. (But) considering how fit he is, it wasn't a problem," Prasad said. The reliance on experience was best manifested in the fact that eight players from the 15-member squad that won in England four years ago were retained. Of the remaining seven, one man, Yuvraj Singh, had made his debut in this competition 17 years ago when it was still called the ICC Knock Out tournament. Among the six Champions Trophy greenhorns, three, Mohammad Shami, Jasprit Bumrah and Hardik Pandya man the five-strong fast-bowling department -- "strong", for the first time, in the real sense of the word.
Google has marked the 181st anniversary of Ferdinand Monoyer’s birth, the man who invented the chart used in eye tests Get the latest headlines: Subscribe: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Follow us on Google+ Telegraph.co.uk and YouTube.com/TelegraphTV are websites of The Daily Telegraph, the UK's best-selling quality daily newspaper providing news and analysis on UK and world events, business, sport, lifestyle and culture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ7udASgDnI
Read more: T-shirts provided by RIPT. Get your own here: and get 10% off using coupon code: POCKETNOWDAILY Pocketnow Daily videos: - iPhone 8 full design leaked, Spotify hardware & more – Pocketnow Daily - iPhone 8 curved OLED a no go, Google Pixel 2 specs & more – Pocketnow Daily - OnePlus 5 leaked image, iPhone 8 Plus rumors & more – Pocketnow Daily - iPhone 8 final schematics leaked, Microsoft Cortana speaker & more – Pocketnow Daily - iPhone 8 positive predictions, HTC U11 “squeeze” teaser & more – Pocketnow Daily Pocketnow Daily gets an average of 300 to 500 comments a day, and sometimes even a thousand. We’d like to thank you all for participating in our question of the day, and we love your feedback so much, that we decided that since we can’t respond to ever single one of your comments, we should at least feature a couple in a weekly video. This is the Pocketnow Daily Recap. Since we only have 3 minutes on every Daily video to go through the hottest news, the weekly recap will serve as a more extensive discussion where we also include your thoughts on the subject. Sadly, for the sake of time, we can’t guarantee that your comment will be featured, but if you want some tips on what we look for the most: 1. Keep it short 2. Stick to the point 3. Try to get some likes on your comments, which usually happen if you nail the first two tips above Subscribe: About us: Pocketnow has been a key source of mobile technology news and reviews since its establishment in 2000. With offices on three continents, Pocketnow offers round-the-clock coverage of the mobile technology landscape, from smartphones to tablets to wearables. We aim to be your number-one source for mobile tech news, reviews, comparisons, and commentary. If you love mobile as much as we do, be sure to subscribe! Follow us: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-gSiNPAxIg
More Celebrity News ▻▻ It's official- 13 Reasons Why has been renewed for a second season on Netflix! ...and the cast celebrated ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziZmyxI3ya4
Kannada TV actress Rekha Sindhu was killed in a car accident on the Chennai-Bengaluru highway early this morning. The tragedy occurred at national highway ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Krq6y48DWZY
Can you meet the love of your life in a metro? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64Gv2lb4Gtg
Delhi's sacked water minister Kapil Mishra triggered a political crisis for the ruling Aam Aadmi Party today, levelling direct charges of corruption at Arvind Kejriwal. He alleged that he had seen the Chief Minister taking Rs. 2 crore in cash from health minister Satyendar Jain. Mr Jain, he further said, had told him that he had settled land deals worth Rs. 50 crore on behalf of a relative of Mr Kejriwal. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlRnWREVXBY
Does Netlflix’s new series glorify suicide? Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, and Francis Maxwell, the hosts of The Young Turks, discuss. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. “A Florida schools superintendent told parents in a letter that his district has seen a rapid rise in at-risk behavior at elementary and middle schools — including self-harming and suicide threats — in the wake of a graphic Netflix series about a 17-year-old girl’s suicide called “13 Reasons Why.” The series, which debuted March 31, is based on a 2007 young adult novel and includes detailed scenes of young people harming themselves, including that of a teen who cuts her wrists with a razor in a bathtub and her blood is seen pouring out as she struggles to breathe. With the first episode released about a month ago, the series has sparked warnings from mental health counselors and others expressing concern about copycat behavior and the glorification of suicide by vulnerable young people. The National Association of School Psychologists released guidance to parents on how to lead the discussions along with other resources.” Read more here: Hosts: Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, Francis Maxwell Cast: Hannah Cranston, Brett Erlich, Francis Maxwell *** The Largest Online News Show in the World. Hosted by Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian. LIVE STREAMING weekdays 6-8pm ET. Subscribe to The Young Turks on YouTube: Like The Young Turks on Facebook: Follow The Young Turks on Twitter: Buy TYT Merch: Download audio and video of the full two hour show on-demand + the members-only post game show by becoming a member at Your membership supports the day to day operations and is vital for our continued success and growth. Young Turk (n), 1. Young progressive or insurgent member of an institution, movement, or political party. 2. A young person who rebels against authority or societal expectations.(American Heritage Dictionary) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mnH37AmtoE
New Delhi, May 08 (ANI): Taking Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal’s corruption issue to the next level, Aam Aadmi Party rebel MLA Kapil Mishra on Monday went to Anti-Corruption bureau and met the officials regarding the Delhi’s Tanker Scam. After meeting with the anti-corruption officials, Mishra shared his views and said he is a complainant and witness in this case. He further added that, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and other two accomplices misused people’s money and tried to save Delhi’s former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit. Moreover, Mishra said that he will go to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and file a case against CM Kejriwal and Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ☛ Visit our Official website: ☛ Subscribe to our Youtube Channel - Enjoy and stay connected with us!! ☛ Like us: ☛Follow us : ☛ Circle us : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ7jLEhyEWU
The BJP on Sunday demanded Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's resignation after sacked minister Kapil Mishra alleged he took Rs 2 crore in cash from Health Minister Satyendar Jain. Kejriwal has no moral right to hold the post of Chief Minister. He must resign immediately, Bharatiya Janata Party Delhi unit chief Manoj Tiwari said. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVxgq4wpGGs
This win by Gujarat Lions ensured that RCB will finish last for the first time in IPL. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHLdfG2fXl0
Subscribe to WTA on YouTube: Like WTA on Facebook: Follow ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaLCryXg7sc
Sunil Narine Fastest 54 in 15 balls KKR VS RCB Match Highlight 7 May 2017 And Hasim Amla 100 in ipl kxip vs gl match today For More information:- if you like ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEYpKQE0RSQ
AS THE public hearing against expansion of coal handling berths at Goa’s Mormugao Port Trust began on the eighth, and concluding, day on Friday, Sherwyn Correia, 17, sought to take the podium at Tilak Maidan in Vasco. ——————————————————————————————— Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the Indian Express app at Watch more videos at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqk7ylotA3Y
Data shows that investors have handed over ₹9000 crores to equity mutual fund managers in April. This is the highest number in 2017 so far. Prashant Nair tells us what it might mean for markets https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCSiAdJTeRE
Winner: Amazon, which boasts more Prime subscribers than America has gun-owning households. Winner: Quora, the crowd-sourced Q&A site now valued at ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX3i8FNIvHA
Happy Star Wars day!! Milo and I painted Rey :) Hope you enjoy it ⚡️😆 http://pic.twitter.com/m2B8C1Pbpl http://youtu.be/x1YYtJGG8oM
In a shocking incident, some female students who were taking the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) at an examination centre in Kannur were allegedly told by the invigilators to remove their top innerwear and change their pair of jeans to adhere to the dress code for the exam as prescribed by the CBSE. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOUc4UQDimw
France votes for next president after divisive campaign Voters in France are choosing between Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron for their next president. The vote will not only decide France's immediate future, but is also a crucial one for Europe. Al Jazeera's Jonah Hull reports from Paris. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCd_vRyDURk
The House’s passage of its new health-care bill is an immediate win for Trump. But he’s not thinking ahead, argues David Frum. According to a recent Pew survey, 60 percent of Americans believe it is the responsibility of the federal government to provide health care for all. The Obamacare repeal may cost the Republicans their majority in the 2018 midterms. Authors: Daniel Lombroso & David Frum https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Lyed3ckx4
Two funerals in South Kashmir today - of a terrorist and a policeman he killed - encapsulate the Kashmir story. Azhar Mehmood - the policeman who showed exemplary courage and sacrificed his life to repulse a terror attack - was mourned by his family and colleagues. Barely 10 km away, thousands participated in the funeral of Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Fayaz Ahmad Aishwar. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LSsdKli1kU
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► A day after Aam Aadmi Party MLA Kapil Mishra met Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal and complained about corruption in the AAP government, the L-G has forwarded the complaint to the anti-corruption branch (ACB) and asked for a report in seven days. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD5nfud0ZX8
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson joins Joy Reid to discuss his new book, ‘Astrophysics for People in a Hurry,’ the number one book on all of Amazon, showing people’s hunger for science despite an anti-science administration. » Subscribe to MSNBC: About: MSNBC is the premier destination for in-depth analysis of daily headlines, insightful political commentary and informed perspectives. Reaching more than 95 million households worldwide, MSNBC offers a full schedule of live news coverage, political opinions and award-winning documentary programming -- 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Connect with MSNBC Online Visit msnbc.com: Find MSNBC on Facebook: Follow MSNBC on Twitter: Follow MSNBC on Google+: Follow MSNBC on Instagram: Follow MSNBC on Tumblr: Neil deGrasse Tyson On Hunger For Science Despite President Donald Trump | AM Joy | MSNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjARh-yKq5k
Shraddha Kapoor is Back with Phir Bhi Tumko Chaaungi with her Sweet Voice. Here is the Unplugged Version of the Song. Hope You Guys Like This. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0tQfM4Lcrs
The president-elect Emmanuel Macron acknowledges the anger of many voters and vows to protect the weakest members of society. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LV7Yuh5SVc8
After being discovered by a talent manager through his YouTube covers in 2008, Justin Bieber has gone on to become one of the most notorious and successful musicians of our times. The Purpose World Tour is the third worldwide tour by the Canadian singer. The tour which started on March 9, 2016 in Seattle and will soon head to India on May 10, 2017, will conclude on September 24, 2017 in Tokyo. In the week running up to his first ever Indian gig, reports of his many extravagant demands made headlines, here’s presenting a list of interesting facts about the Indian leg of the tour. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evXXd36s3Z4
Voting underway in French presidential election. Rivals in the fiercely fought French presidential election have cast their ballots in their home areas. Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron is facing his far-right challenger Marine Le Pen in the final runoff vote. Neither of them is from the two mainstream parties that have dominated French politics for decades. Al Jazeera's David Chater has the latest from Paris. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28QzWCiR6Oc
Steven Kotler is a performance expert and the coauthor of Stealing Fire. In this video, Kotler explains why Google relies on creating group-flow states, and how Larry Page and Sergey Brin used Burning Man to find the right CEO. ------------------------------------------------- Follow BI Video on Twitter: Follow BI on Facebook: Read more: -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHrMtZCJEmw
A noodle maker in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province has become such an internet celebrity for the dances he performs while working that he was ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neY9uYjC3vA
The pro-European centrist, Emmanuel Macron, will be France's next president. Within a few hours of being declared the winner - Mr Macron promised to heal divisions and restore confidence in the European Union. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3s_PogR-cc
Easy Ramen Noodles with Chicken & Eggs: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/d9mmw4Uup48?a
Subscribe HERE and NOW ➜ ☆ The Most MOVING Movies are HERE ▻ 13 REASONS WHY 2 Trailer Release Date ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN_wcKBop44
THE LINKS ARE DOWN HERE Swiss+Tech 6-In-1 Key (USA Link) - Swiss+Tech 6-In-1 Key (International) - Grip-it Controller Grips (USA Link) - Grip-it Controller Grips (International) - Bcase Cable Organizer (USA Link) - Bcase Cable Organizer (International) - Revobeard (USA Link) - Revobeard (International) - *Today's sponsored item Aukey Watchtower Security Use code UNBOXKEY for 20% off. VT-SC1 VT-SC2 VT-SC3 VT-SC4 FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Google Plus - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWHFSp7nsTs
Days before the show, a list of bizarre ‘demands’ made by the singer went viral. Subscribe Now For Latest Updates- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUucJwOKkck
After shocking allegation by Kapil Mishra that AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal accepted Rs 2 crore in cash in a questionable transaction, the party is going through an even bigger crisis than before. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMoC2G59jK8
One side where Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath is leaving no stone unturned to ensure a healthy environment for women, meanwhile, one of his MLA was caught on camera engaged in a verbal spat with a woman Indian Police Services (IPS) officer, Charu Nigam, leaving her teary eyed on the road. A huge controversy followed after the video of the whole incident went viral on social media. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUmyHTwI8K0
Some 50000 people have been ordered to evacuate Hanover as the German city prepares to defuse several bombs dating back to the World War II-era. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp_pqSOYWMA
Waghivali village in Thane, 80 km from Mumbai, is facing acute water shortage. At the only well in the village that has some water left, women spend hours in the scorching heat to fill their pots of water in order to meet their family’s needs. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMHT-p1t43A
Nirbhaya's parents thanked the judiciary after the Supreme Court upheld the death sentence for the four convicts for the 2012 gang-rape and murder of Nirbhaya ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOdc2VXnLC4
First video is up early! Stay Tuned at 6pm for another video! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heksXr9FTH8
Travis Head eclipses MS Dhoni, breaks the longest six record of season. Travis Head, the 23-year-old RCB player rebuilt the RCB innings with Mandeep Singh Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers went back cheaply. Actually, in the last over of the RCB innings, which was bowled by Umesh Yadav, he hit the third ball of the over for a six, which went for 109 metres over long-on. The ball hit one of the flood-light pillars and then dropped inside the ground. It was the longest six of this IPL season. The six overshadowed the monster six hit by MS Dhoni in this season only. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KuR-QR2eCA
Senior AAP leader Kumar Vishwas came out in support of Arvind Kejriwal, saying he has known him for 12 years and even his enemies cannot imagine him taking a bribe. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiQZ8dgqiiU
A surprisingly courteous concession from Le Pen... She gained 34.5% of the vote in 2nd round exit polls against Emmanuel Macron... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-wBlpGCkdY
NEW VIDEO 🔥 Yung Simmie - Smoke Clouds (VIDEO) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtXgavr5UWI&feature=share
Marine Le Pen concession speech French Election #Macron wins https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDffarbtiwQ
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aaBo9W9ilM
More from Entertainment Tonight: The actor accepted the award alongside his 'Fast & Furious' franchise co-stars Tyrese Gibson, Michelle Rodriguez and Jordana Brewster. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnWBRz694Uc
Subscribe to France 24 now: FRANCE 24 live news stream: all the latest news 24/7 IN THE PAPERS, Monday, May 8: It's a historic day for the French as they elect their youngest ever president, 39-year-old centrist Emmanuel Macron. We look at reaction from papers in France and around the world. Well played, headlines left-wing daily Libération (pictured), which openly supported Macron against the far-right's Marine Le Pen. Meanwhile, Germany’s Süddeutsche Zeitung says Europe sighs with relief as France escapes populism. We end with some celebrities weighing in on the news. Visit our website: Subscribe to our YouTube channel: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MekstCzYAfA
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Bhartiya Janata Party workers held protests outside Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's residence. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4aRHuyn5R0
Clashes break out between students and forces in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u95y-QEmaZg
Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif are coming together for a third film in 'Jagga Jasoos'. The Anurag Basu directorial is scheduled to release on July 14, 2017. Ahead of their film's release the team was captured celebrating Anurag's birthday on the sets of a shoot. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8f_NMA3s1gg
Is it possible to live forever? Get tickets to the best show on earth!!! ►Subscribe for more videos! ►Check out my food channel! ★↓FOLLOW ME ON SOCIAL MEDIA!↓★ Facebook Show Page: Facebook Mike Fan Page: Instagram: Twitter: Snapchat: Mikeychenx Periscope: Mikexingchen ~Send stuff at our PO Box! Mike Chen PO Box 610 Middletown, NY 10940 ------------------------ Music: The Complex, Satiate Strings, Deep Haze by Kevin MacLeod Licensed under Creative Commons: By attribution 3.0 License https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlOcpAt8Z6o
Galaxy Express - The Way (Official Music Video) https://youtu.be/QXmeGnHMAAg
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Kapil Mishra is saying what BJP has been trying to allege; BJP's sole aim is to wipe out the Aam Aadmi Party, Sanjay Singh said. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQYg7-Ko-0Y
Nubia M2 Lite has been launched by the company, and here's our unboxing of the phone. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFXCFN97IrU
Paris (CNN)Marine Le Pen says she has called to congratulate French presidential rival Emmanuel Macron after exit estimates projected a heavy defeat for the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpvQ06-gJrY
Subscribe to WTA on YouTube: Like WTA on Facebook: Follow ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0E1XqsPOxgU
Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway chairman and CEO; Charlie Munger, Berkshire Hathaway vice chairman; and Bill Gates, Microsoft founder and co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, provide perspective on health-care reform. There is a lot of fraud in the system, says Munger. » Subscribe to CNBC: About CNBC: From 'Wall Street' to 'Main Street' to award winning original documentaries and Reality TV series, CNBC has you covered. Experience special sneak peeks of your favorite shows, exclusive video and more. Connect with CNBC News Online Get the latest news: Find CNBC News on Facebook: Follow CNBC News on Twitter: Follow CNBC News on Google+: Follow CNBC News on Instagram: Charlie Munger: We Should Have Single-Payer Medicine | Squawk Box | CNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MUAz1mqNCQ
How And Why Marine Le Pen Will Win The Presidential Election [Prediction]: via @YouTube http://youtu.be/qKuPuAAjtzY?a
Suspended Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) minister Kapil Mishra announced today that he was going to file FIRs or police complaints against his boss Arvind Kejriwal, dramatically seeking his blessings and forgiveness before the biggest step of my life. Reading out an open letter to the Delhi Chief Minister, Mr Mishra said, You know the truth. I know you will attack me, frame me and try to trap me in a chakravyuh of lies and deceit. Last evening, Mr Kejriwal, accused by Mr Mishra of bribery, broke his silence in a tweet, saying: truth will prevail. A special one-day sitting of the Delhi assembly today would mark the beginning, he commented. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NRvBd7uvtM
Wow! Look what a betting firm just revealed about Marine Le Pen's odds The FBI has confirmed it! The media is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEP1pjpKkV4
I liked a @YouTube video 691 Subscriber Special http://youtu.be/xnuMrJ_uStQ?a
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAp1kC4Gm7s
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► As many as 95 Kashmiri youth have joined militancy during the last one year, raising to 200 the total strength of terrorists active in the valley, a senior police official said. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMt_dXh4rdA
Somy Ali recently revealed the main reason behind her break up with Salman Khan. To know her shocking revelation, checkout the video. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNH_j9XRbmk
Real Madrid will attack city rivals Atletico Madrid in their Champions League semi-final second leg and not sit back and defend their 3-0 lead as they chase a place in the final, coach Zinedine Zidane said on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick in a dominant first leg display put the 11-times European champions on the brink of a third final in four years. "We're going to approach the second leg just as any other game, to go out strong and give everything," Zidane told a news conference ahead of Wednesday's game at the Vicente Calderon. "We'll see what happens then, but our aim wont change, the result changes nothing and we're going to try and score." The prospect of going out to pile more misery on Atletico will be music to the ears of Ronaldo, who has scored eight times in the last three Champions League games and also hit a treble in the quarter-final second leg against Bayern Munich. The Portuguese player has shone in games against Real's neighbours this season, also scoring all three goals in their 3-0 win at Atletico in the league in November. Atletico's 51-year-old stadium will close in the summer when Diego Simeone's side moves to their new 67,000 capacity Wanda Metropolitano stadium in the north of the Spanish capital. The scorer of a sensational volley against Bayer Leverkusen to win the 2002 Champions League for Real, Zidane joined an elite group to have won the Champions League as a player and a coach when he steered Los Blancos to a penalty shoot-out victory over Atletico last year. The Frenchman is on the cusp of a sixth Champions League final either on the pitch or in the dugout. "I feel great and I'm not feeling any vertigo," he said. "This club relishes moments like this and we're focused on tomorrow's game. Whatever you have achieved in the past you need to keep proving yourself. We may have beaten them in two finals but it will still be a different game. "They have their strengths and we have ours, the fact we've won two finals against them doesn't mean we're going to get through if we think it does then we're making a big mistake."
A group of Trump voters was shocked when their friend was deported. Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian, the hosts of The Young Turks, discuss. Tell us what you think in the comment section below. “On Sunday night, CBS’s “60 Minutes” interviewed friends and family of Roberto Beristain, formerly of Granger, Indiana, an undocumented immigrant who made a name for himself in his community, but was deported anyway under President Donald Trump’s new immigration orders. The Hill reported that Beristain’s wife and friends all voted for Trump, never expecting that their friend would be one of the people shuttled out of the country. Beristain was a cook at Eddie’s Steak Shed in Granger for years, but worked his way up and eventually bought the restaurant himself. “I mean, he showed up here with just the shirt on his back and he’s a restaurant owner 20 years later .. and he worked his butt off to get there,” said Beristain’s friend Matt Leliaert. Arriving in the U.S. in 1998, Beristain was subject to a “final order of removal,” but successfully applied for a stay of the order 3 years ago. After that, he checked in once a year with the government.” Read more here: Hosts: Cenk Uygur, Ana Kasparian Cast: Cenk Uygur, Ana Kasparian *** The Largest Online News Show in the World. Hosted by Cenk Uygur and Ana Kasparian. LIVE STREAMING weekdays 6-8pm ET. Subscribe to The Young Turks on YouTube: Like The Young Turks on Facebook: Follow The Young Turks on Twitter: Buy TYT Merch: Download audio and video of the full two hour show on-demand + the members-only post game show by becoming a member at Your membership supports the day to day operations and is vital for our continued success and growth. Young Turk (n), 1. Young progressive or insurgent member of an institution, movement, or political party. 2. A young person who rebels against authority or societal expectations.(American Heritage Dictionary) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCgiqhGMvU0
ICC Champions Trophy, Gautam Gambhir explains his non selection in India squad. At a time when his fans are venting their anger over selection committee for ignoring Gautam Gambhir in the India squad for the upcoming Champions Trophy 2017, the veteran cricketer has an entirely different opinion on this issue. KKR skipper, who is the third highest run scorer in the ongoing IPL 2017 said, a batsman's T20 performance should not be a considered while picking up an ODI squad. T20 runs should only be a criteria to get selected for a T20 side. The moment you start picking players in the one-day format by their T20 performance, then you are giving your domestic 50-over competitions absolutely no relevance. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW_pMCsiRt4
Charu Nigam, an Uttar Pradesh police officer seen on camera wiping her tears as she was being shouted at and threatened by a BJP lawmaker on Sunday, said today that she was not crying but emotional after a senior officer stood up for her. Don't think of my tears as my weakness...The tears were because of kindness, not because of harsh words - Ms Nigam says in a Facebook post. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsByml2WK-4
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke “is committed to restoring trust in the Department's decision-making,” a spokeswoman said. @ Fresno. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pouQUtopu80
Everyone seems to be talking about Justin Bieber’s demands for his Mumbai concert- the female masseuse, helicopter, white curtains and what not. But are the pop star's demands really that outrageous? What’s your take on the entire issue? Is Bieber justified or just showing overtly starry tantrums? Or would you say that some demands are okay, but the other ones are just a bit on the ridiculous side. Also, we would love our very own Anu Malik to dedicate a song to Bieber, he was there for MJ’s concert in 1995, and he's here now too! Also, do you know what probably the real reason behind these demands might be? We have a theory! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Subscribe to our channel: Follow us on Twitter: Like us on Facebook: iOS:- Android:- Watch more videos at: hindustantimes.com © 2016 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZsLG0EKnSY
Priyanka Chopra 'Thumka' moment with African kids Subscribe for latest happenings in Bollywood entertainment, Hindi TV ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbv4XMubkp8
Watch Exclusive Interviews With Leading Market Personalities ► Subscribe To ET Now For Latest Updates On Stocks, Business, Trading | ► Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- Times Now : The NewsHour Debate : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Twitter - Facebook - G+ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJEAC9Xtxqk
Justin Bieber is in India for the first time for his Justin Bieber Purpose Tour, which will take place on Wednesday. And if everything goes as planned, Karan Johar, ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oS5JDRwweE
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bo4bS9D7bsc
Aasim Ahmed Khan has claimed he was asked by senior party leader Dilip Pandey to cough up Rs 5 crore as the party was interested in buying a news network. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xuVPzDfwdo
Sgt Alexander Blackman, also known as Marine A, was given a life sentence in 2013 for murder, but his conviction was later reduced to manslaughter. The 42-year-old from Taunton, Somerset, has served three years of a seven-year sentence and was released at the end of last month. The former Plymouth-based Marine and his wife Claire are seen speaking with Clinton Rogers from BBC Points West. Please subscribe HERE World In Pictures Big Hitters Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmOsandP6QU
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=397h8a2kR4A
MS Dhoni 's offer letter by India Cements revealed by EX-IPL chairman Lalit Modi. Former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, leaked the documents pertaining to the salary of former India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni in the cash-rich league. Modi, who at present is absconding from the authorities in India, has shared the offer letter MS Dhoni was given by the India Cements Limited, the company which owned IPL franchise CSK. The 'appointment letter' shared by Modi on his Twitter handle claims that, Dhoni was offered the post of Vice President (Marketing) at the company's corporate office in Chennai with effect from July, 2012. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkYVk5JRQeY
An imploding Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) took a denting hit from ousted leader Kapil Mishra on Tuesday when the MLA said in a press conference that he was going to register an FIR against Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. For More information on this news visit: Connect with us on Social platform at: Subscribe to our YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9_xhILVXKE
U.S. stocks and ETFs that trade higher when the euro rises should see a boost from Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential elections. » Subscribe to CNBC: About CNBC: From 'Wall Street' to 'Main Street' to award winning original documentaries and Reality TV series, CNBC has you covered. Experience special sneak peeks of your favorite shows, exclusive video and more. Connect with CNBC News Online Get the latest news: Find CNBC News on Facebook: Follow CNBC News on Twitter: Follow CNBC News on Google+: Follow CNBC News on Instagram: Visa And Apple Shares Could See Gains If The Euro Continues To Rise: Bottom Line | CNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQclWq282zI
Laga ke Fair Lovely Jaan labke ka re Pagli Follow on Instragram #Satyam8269 For Best Bhojpuri video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DY-Y1hNYicI
Subscribe to WTA on YouTube: Like WTA on Facebook: Follow ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqUQlJQV1cM
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► New Delhi: Former Delhi water minister Kapil Mishra, after being suspended from the party, on Tuesday challenged Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal to an electoral battle, adding that he was sorry for filing FIR against him as the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief was his ‘mentor’ for 15 years. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4pjKQC2HHg
Subscribe to France 24 now: FRANCE 24 live news stream: all the latest news 24/7 After Brexit, after Donald Trump's election... make way instead for a leader who prefers globalism to nationalism. Thirty nine year old Emmanuel Macron elected president with two-thirds of ballots cast over the far-right's Marine Le Pen. Big decisions now rest on the shoulders of the youngest French leader since Napoleon: is it a turning point for Europe? How much change do the French really want? And if his policies fail, could it still be the far-right's turn in five years? Click here for the full Debate: www.france24.com/en/20170508-debate-macron-president-part-one Visit our website: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNJSi8K_1no
New Delhi: The NITI Aayog's Governing Council will hold its third meeting on Sunday where a 15-year Vision Document to accelerate the country's economic development will be presented. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will chair the meeting. The commission's Vice-Chairman, Arvind Panagariya, will make a presentation on the roadmap for "rapid transformation" of India by outlining key aspects of the document, comprising a seven-year strategy paper and a three-year action plan, an official statement said. The Council, which includes all Chief Ministers, NITI Aayog's members and special invitees, will also discuss the progress made towards the implementation towards Goods and Services Tax (GST) from July 1, PTI reported. "During the meeting, action taken on decisions of the earlier two meetings of the Governing Council held on February 8, 2015 and July 15, 2015 respectively will be discussed in detail," the statement said. This time, the day-long meeting of the Council will be held at Rashtrapati Bhavan. At the Council's first meeting on February 8, 2015, the Prime Minister had laid down the key mandates of NITI Aayog such as fostering cooperative federalism by addressing national issues through mutual cooperation and monitoring of important schemes and programs. It was also decided that the Aayog will act as the "think tank" of the government and work as a bridge between the Centre and the states. Later, sub-groups of chief ministers and two task forces, one on elimination of Poverty in India and other on Agriculture Development were set up. The second meeting of council on July 15, 2015 reviewed the progress made by the three sub-groups of chief ministers and the two task forces. The policy-making body has been mandated to come up with a 15-year vision document for a period up to 2030, which will be co-terminus with sustainable development goals. The NITI Aayog has also been working on a seven-year strategy for 2017-18 to 2023-24 to convert the vision document into implementable policy and action as part of the National Development Agenda. It has also prepared a draft of the 3-year action plan for 2017-18 to 2019-20, which will be aligned with the 14th Finance Commission award period.
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Senior AAP leader Kumar Vishwas came out in support of Arvind Kejriwal, saying he has known him for 12 years and even his enemies cannot imagine him taking a bribe. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMAFw9nwCXY
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► In a big blow to Lalu Prasad Yadav, Supreme Court ruled that the RJD chief and other accused will face separate trials for each case in the Rs 900 crore fodder scam. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF58U3uQM0k
PARIS — The European political establishment breathed a heavy sigh of relief Sunday, as French voters easily elected pragmatic centrist Emmanuel Macron as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYxz6eNuIo0
The allegation that Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal received Rs. 2 crore cash has been referred by Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal to the anti-corruption branch of the police for investigation. Kapil Mishra, sacked as minister by Mr Kejriwal on the weekend, went public with the sensational charge on Sunday. NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oh3lL0WoLK8
A 20-year-old Indian woman alleged that she was forced to marry a Pakistani citizen at gunpoint. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: Social Media Links: Facebook : Twitter : Google + : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVipnwE2m2E
Subscribe to France 24 now: FRANCE 24 live news stream: all the latest news 24/7 After Brexit, after Donald Trump's election... make way instead for a leader who prefers globalism to nationalism. Thirty nine year old Emmanuel Macron elected president with two-thirds of ballots cast over the far-right's Marine Le Pen. Big decisions now rest on the shoulders of the youngest French leader since Napoleon: is it a turning point for Europe? How much change do the French really want? And if his policies fail, could it still be the far-right's turn in five years? Click here for the full Debate: www.france24.com/en/20170508-debate-macron-president-part-one Visit our website: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0B23oPL-Khw
Iranian student Reza Parastesh looks so much like his sporting hero Lionel Messi that it almost landed him in jail for disrupting public order this week. Subscribe Now For Latest Updates- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1BMFzcb4kg
Best 10 Biryanis in Hyderabad which is not ' Hyderabadi': via @YouTube http://youtu.be/6nn9avnEjs4?a
Emmanuel Macron, now France's youngest national leader since Napoleon, overcame Marine Le Pen's brand of nationalist populism to win the presidency. But Macron does not seem to have an overwhelming popular mandate and could face a highly troublesome five years in power. Special correspondent Malcolm Brabant reports and Judy Woodruff speaks with French Ambassador Gerard Araud. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7Ti_b9Y60g
Delhi Daredevils vs Gujarat Lions, 42nd Match Who Will Win Today Match Predictions, which held on May 4th, 2017, Tuesday at Feroz Shah Kotla, Delhi and the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxPh-Hu_k98
The Indian Express Videos: One stop for all videos related to mobile launches, gadgets reviews, technology, Entertainment and Bollywood including political videos, opinions and views. ——————————————————————————————— Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the Indian Express app at Watch more videos at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ik5g-kfoeo
Here are five things all homebuyers must know about the Maharashtra realty regulator and its website. Watch full video: NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and abroad. NDTV delivers reliable information across all platforms: TV, Internet and Mobile. Subscribe for more videos: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Download the NDTV Apps: Watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSvp4coq-o0
South-based public sector lender Canara Bank reported an improvement in key asset quality metrics, something that should bring relief to investors, pummelled by deteriorating asset quality over the past five quarters. Its gross non-performing assets (NPAs) ratio slipped 34 basis points sequentially to 9.63% of total advances in the fourth quarter, while net NPA ratio fell to 6.33%. Before we argue that ratios tend to skew things, the lender reported a net reduction in its bad loan stock as well from the December quarter. Gross NPAs reduced by Rs137 crore sequentially. But this is not enough to cut Canara Bank some slack. Fresh slippages have soared, which means that more loans are decaying. Its upgrades and recoveries are minuscule compared with slippages, and this means the rate of decaying is faster. Large borrowers are the culprit, accounting for 47% of fresh slippages. However, drought conditions in Tamil Nadu and weak crop outlook in other states seem to have hit the lender hard as well. Slippages from agriculture rose and were 20% of total slippages. One more metric that damns Canara Bank's asset quality is the surge in write-offs in the fourth quarter. The lender wrote off loans worth Rs2,466 crore from its balance sheet, a 191% surge from the previous quarter. If we dig deeper, the bank's doubtful assets are up 53% from the previous quarter to an outstanding Rs26,186 crore. Doubtful assets are the weakest form of NPAs and require a minimum 25% of provisioning. If these assets are not resolved for three years, the bank will have to provide 100%. What investors will also need to watch for is the restructured loan stock of Canara Bank. While gross NPAs have risen 8% from a year ago, the restructured book has reduced only by 7.16%. This could mean a potential risk if slippages from the restructured book are waiting to happen, especially since 36% of it belongs to the stressed infrastructure firms. A tepid loan growth of around 5% and the resultant muted growth in core income spell trouble for the lender in the coming quarters. Its net profit growth is entirely from trading gains, and these are fickle. The fact that Canara Bank's stock was unmoved by the quarterly results indicates that investors are already having niggling worries over asset quality.
Watch Exclusive Interviews With Leading Market Personalities ► In a big blow to Lalu Prasad Yadav, Supreme Court ruled that the RJD chief and other accused will face separate trials for each case in the Rs 900 crore fodder scam. Subscribe To ET Now For Latest Updates On Stocks, Business, Trading | ► Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- Times Now : The NewsHour Debate : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Twitter - Facebook - G+ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSEKD6SoLH0
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNhqkl3nNoQ
Virat Kohli called Monkey by KRK. Kamaal R Khan who is also known as KRK, insulted Indian cricket team and RCB skipper Virat Kohli by calling him a 'monkey'. KRK recently tweeted about RCB and Virat where he compared the cricketer with a monkey. He tweeted, Umpire must give out if Virat is saying dat Pathan is out, otherwise he will start jumping n abusing on the pitch like a monkey. KRK is pretty infamous for his controversial tweets and weird opinions on celebrities. This is not the first time that film personality called Virat names. A few days back he had tweeted: Today #RCB is in the bottom of #IPL2017 just because of arrogance of Aashiq Virat kohli. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ4uveVS3xw
MS Dhoni is the best wicketkeeper, MSK Prasad supports and has faith in him. Chairman of selectors MSK Prasad dispelled any doubts about Dhoni's future in international cricket, terming him the world's best wicketkeeper right now. When asked if Dhoni's erratic batting form is a concern, Prasad's emphatic response made it clear that selectors still have faith in him. Prasad said, How many of us still believe that MSD is still the best wicketkeeper in the world? We all believe he is still the best wicketkeeper in the world. We are only talking and focussing on his batting form,. He is an invaluable asset to the team and his inputs in crunch situations, he has got one of the best brains. He is the best person to guide Virat, Prasad said. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-0Jk6ta6Ok
Highest per minute earnings of Cricketers: From T20 to ODI matches, no cricketer is earning less. Some people know the annual salaries of players like MS Dhoni, Virat Kohli and Chris Gayle. But have you ever wondered how much these cricketers earn per minute? Watch the video to know more. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to OneIndia News Channel for latest updates on movies and related videos. You Tube: Follow us on Twitter : Like us on Facebook : Join our circle in Google Plus : Download App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHant9FvLsU
Indonesia to disband hardline group Hizbut Tahrir. Indonesia has announced that it will ban the group Hizbut Tahrir. It says the organisation's ideology calling for an Islamic state is against the constitution. The move comes just a day before the verdict in the blasphemy trial of a Christian governor, known as Ahok. For months conservative religious groups have protested against him and demanded the Christian governor be put in prison for blasphemy. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfLoyeiUbTY
South Koreans vote to replace impeached president South Koreans have turned out in huge numbers for an election to replace impeached president, Park Geun-hye. Many voters say they want to move on from the corruption scandal which brought Park down and led to months of protests. Al Jazeera's Rob Mcbride reports from Seoul. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT9YCOPvnkI
Ahead of Justin Bieber's debut gig in India , tight security arrangements are being made for the 23-year-old pop sensation. Earlier, it was reported that Salman Khan's personal bodyguard Shera is in charge of Justin Bieber's security in Mumbai along with additional Z level security provided by the Mumbai Police. Now, IANS reports that 500 cops and 25 senior officers will be present at the concert which is scheduled to be held at Navi Mumbai's D Y Patil Stadium on Wednesday evening. The security arrangements have been chalked out in light of the footfall count, which is expected to be over 45,000, Navi Mumbai Police Commissioner Hemant Nagrale told IANS. The IANS report also reveals that police personnel will be stationed at the entry gates at the stadium and will also be dispersed throughout the stadium premise to avoid any unwanted breach of security. Cops in plain clothes with also survey the stadium and there will be drone cameras for aerial surveillance, reported IANS. There will also be an additional CCTV surveillance with monitoring done from a special control room, which will receive live feed from the drone cameras. Ahead of the concert, the venue will be sanitised by a Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad. The organisers of the concert, White Fox, have also contributed to the security and will have private security agencies take care of ticket checking and crowd management. Upon arrival in India, Justin Bieber will travel in Rolls Royce with buses and luxury vehicles being booked for his 100-plus member entourage. Meanwhile, the pop sensation will be choppered to Mumbai's D Y Patil Stadium on Wednesday evening and so will some of his fans. Meanwhile on Tuesday morning, Shera was spotted inspecting a corporate aviation terminal at the Mumbai airport, where Justin Bieber is expected to arrive today, reported mid-day . Justin Bieber's debut gig in India is as part of his Purpose World Tour, which also includes stop-overs at Tel Aviv and Dubai. The concert is scheduled to begin at 4 pm on Wednesday while gates to the stadium will open at 2pm.
Watch Rahul Shivshankar's Take On Latest Political Topics ► BJP MLA Vijender Gupta, who was marshalled out of Delhi Assembly for creating ruckus, stages dharna outside the House. Subscribe to Times Now | Click Here ► ‘Download the official TIMES NOW mobile app – Give a missed call on 1800 4190 300. Stay updated, stay ahead.’ Subscribe Now To Our Network Channels :- The NewsHour Debate : ET Now : To Stay Updated Download the Times Now App :- Android Google Play : Apple App Store : Social Media Links :- Facebook - G+ - Twitter - Also visit our website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h537BqBycTE
Serbia to relocate refugees to official centres Migrants and refugees living in tents in the middle of the Serbian capital are to be moved to official centres around the country by the end of May. The authorities say people cannot live in abandoned military barracks any more because of a growing risk of disease. Activists say the refugees should not be moved until several decisions are made. Al Jazeera's Rob Matheson explains. - Subscribe to our channel: - Follow us on Twitter: - Find us on Facebook: - Check our website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdVaRR4qutE
A vintage drive from Fernando Alonso secures his second win at the Spanish Grand Prix, helped by a stunning opening lap... For more F1® videos, visit Like F1® on Facebook: Follow F1® on Twitter: Follow F1® on Instagram: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiVDyDkasS8
I liked a @YouTube video Nicki Minaj Helping Fans Pay Student Bills http://youtu.be/reQ38Ue1nCQ?a
He also spoke in favour of triple talaq and said a lot of politics was going on in Muslim Personal Law Board. Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Maulana Nurur Rehman Barkati on Tuesday said that if any Muslim joins or works for RSS and BJP then he will be ousted from the Muslim community and will be beaten up. However he did not clarify whether it was a fatwa. Barkati also said that those who chant "Jai Sri Ram" outside mosques were "Hijras" (eunuch). Accusing BJP and RSS of creating troubles in West Bengal ahead of Shab-e-Barat, Barkati during a news conference at Press Club Kolkata said, "If any Muslim joins or works for RSS and BJP then we will punish them. We will severely beat them up and out them from Islam. They can work for other parties but not for RSS and BJP. IF BJP distances itself from RSS then they can work for BJP. Since BJP is working with RSS, any association with them by a Muslim will attract punishment." Barkati also urged all secular Hindus to come together and face RSS and BJP. "RSS has been attacking Muslims so they cannot be a part of this organisation. Prime Minister Narendra Modi should remember that he is not only a worker of RSS but protector of India. He must not speak against Islam," he said. Asked whether he was issuing a fatwa, Barkati said it was just a warning. Intensifying his attacks against BJP and RSS combine, Barkati said, "Those who chant Jai Sri Ram outside Mosques are hijras (eunuch). It is the work of hijras. I do not know how long Muslims will keep quiet." He also spoke in favour of triple talaq and said a lot of politics was going on in Muslim Personal Law Board. "Muslim Personal Law Board should fight Shariyat. They have been divided over triple talaq. Some are against triple talaq while other half is supporting it. This should be sorted," he said.
